A goitre or goiter -LRB- Latin gutteria , struma -RRB- , is a swelling in the thyroid gland , which can lead to a swelling of the neck or larynx -LRB- voice box -RRB- .
The structure is known as the middle ear , and is made up of the incus , stapes , malleus , and tympanic membrane .
It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy , postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome -LRB- POTS -RRB- and chronic fatigue syndrome -LRB- CFS -RRB- .
Tarama is salted and cured cod roe used to make taramosalata , a meze consisting of tarama mixed with lemon juice , bread crumbs , onions , and olive oil ; it is eaten as a dip .
His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann 's Ill Wind and his classical playing inspired future generations of horn players .
Hyperthyroidism is thus a cause of thyrotoxicosis , the clinical condition of increased thyroid hormones in the blood . It is important to note that hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis are not synonymous .
Birmingham attacked strongly in the next ten minutes . In the 75th minute Trautmann , diving at an incoming ball , was knocked out in a collision with Birmingham 's Peter Murphy in which he was hit in the neck by Murphy 's right knee .
Nausea -LRB- Latin nausea , from Greek , nausiÄ `` , `` motion sickness '' , or `` wamble '' -RRB- , is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit .
It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .
Agranulocytosis , also known as Agranulosis or Granulopenia , is an acute condition involving a severe and dangerous leukopenia -LRB- lowered white blood cell count -RRB- , most commonly of neutrophils , causing a neutropenia in the circulating blood .
Thus pain and pleasure act as checks on each other : `` To gain a desired prey , a dog or wolf will do things that , in other contexts , they would shy away from : run through thorn bushes , jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them .
He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap , which cover more than 80 % of the island ; the red stripe , the ocean ; the red semicircle , the sun , with its bottom part sunk in the ocean ; and the white semicircle , the icebergs and pack ice .
Oscar Fredrick Dronjak -LRB- born January 20 , 1972 -RRB- is the lead and rhythm guitarist and founder of the Heavy Metal band HammerFall .
For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â , giving a porosity of the order of 20 % , and possibly indicating that the main components are fractured solid bodies , but that the asteroid is rather not a rubble pile .
Block ciphers operate on large blocks of digits with a fixed , unvarying transformation .
Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers .
Often an oil such as linseed was boiled with a resin such as pine resin or even frankincense ; these were called ` varnishes ' and were prized for their body and gloss . Other oils occasionally used include poppyseed oil , walnut oil , and safflower oil .
In those treated for diabetes a diagnosis of hypoglycemia can be made based on the presence of a low blood sugar alone . Otherwise Whipple 's triad is required which include symptoms consistent with hypoglycemia , a low blood sugar , and resolution of these symptoms once the blood sugar improves .
The name `` digit '' comes from the fact that the 10 digits -LRB- ancient Latin digita meaning fingers -RRB- of the hands correspond to the 10 symbols of the common base 10 number system , i.e. the decimal -LRB- ancient Latin adjective dec. meaning ten -RRB- digits .
The garden dormouse can be recognized by black eye markings , relatively large ears , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail .
In martial arts , combat sports , and violence , a kick is a physical strike using the foot , leg , or knee -LRB- the latter is also known as a knee strike -RRB- . This attack is often used in hand-to-hand combat , especially in stand-up fighting .
Liver allografts for transplant usually come from donors who have died from fatal brain injury . Living donor liver transplantation is a technique in which a portion of a living person 's liver is removed and used to replace the entire liver of the recipient .
Usually , spermicides are combined with contraceptive barrier methods such as diaphragms , condoms , cervical caps , and sponges .
Normal wear and tear includes pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
Many individual cities have also produced their own local hip hop newsletters , while hip hop magazines with national distribution are found in a few other countries . The 21st century also ushered in the rise of online media , and hip hop fan sites now offer comprehensive hip hop coverage on a daily basis .
It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome , a kidney disorder also named after Fanconi .
A precancerous condition -LRB- or premalignant condition -RRB- is a disease , syndrome , or finding that , if left untreated , may lead to cancer .
The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia , who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility , Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
Patients with type 2 diabetes are often insulin resistant , and because of such resistance , may suffer from a `` relative '' insulin deficiency .
The middle layer is called the myocardium and is composed of muscle which contracts .
Many spaniel breeds were developed during the 19th century , and often named after the counties in which they were developed , or after their owners , who were usually nobility . Two strains of larger land spaniel were predominant and were said to have been of `` true springer type . ''
Emphysema is a long-term , progressive disease of the lungs that primarily causes shortness of breath . In people with emphysema , the tissues necessary to support the physical shape and function of the lungs are destroyed .
Emphysema is called an obstructive lung disease because the destruction of lung tissue around smaller sacs , called alveoli , makes these air sacs unable to hold their functional shape upon exhalation .
Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it underwent explosive intensification , as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an estimated pressure drop of 43 m , from 991 t ; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 m , from 996 t. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4 .
Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba , firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province , causing catastrophic damage , although it was difficult to estimate it ; damage was later estimated at 3 billion dollars -LRB- 2008 USD -RRB- .
There are several related medical conditions , including acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -LRB- see section below : Pathology -RRB- .
The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
The extreme use -LRB- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -RRB- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can cause acne .
A study conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
Older mothballs consisted primarily of naphthalene , but due to naphthalene 's flammability , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Similar nerve tissue-derived vaccines are still used in some countries , as they are much cheaper than modern cell culture vaccines .
Off the ice , Neely 's personal family tragedies , with both his parents dying of cancer , have made him very aware of those whose circumstances are less fortunate than his own . Today , Neely remains active in the Cam Neely Foundation run in conjunction with the New England Medical Center , where patients and their families avail themselves of accommodation at the `` Neely House '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
Named for their prominent barbels , which resemble a cat 's whiskers , catfish range in size and behavior from the heaviest and longest , the Mekong giant catfish from Southeast Asia and the second longest , the wels catfish of Eurasia , to detritivores -LRB- species that eat dead material on the bottom -RRB- , and even to a tiny parasitic species commonly called the candiru , Vandellia cirrhosa .
Roux 's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics : he investigated the mechanisms of functional adaptations of bones , cartilage , and tendons to malformation and disease .
The latter are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism , and include crystals , oil drops , gums , tannins , resins and other compounds that can aid the organism in defense , maintenance of cellular structure , or just substance storage .
The Zuiderzee Works are a manmade system of dams , land reclamation and water drainage works , the largest hydraulic engineering project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century .
Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison ; July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American vocalist , lyricist , musician and actress , perhaps best known as frontwoman and rhythm guitarist for alternative rock band Hole .
This recrystallization from decahydrate to monohydrate releases much crystal water in a mostly clear , colorless salt solution with little solid thermonatrite .
After getting up on his feet with a worried face , Michaels said to Flair `` I 'm sorry , I love you , '' before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 35-year long wrestling career .
Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines , where it is reputed to be an aid to digestion , a relief for colic and an agent for purifying the blood .
These include John Humphrys , who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to BBC Radio 4 's Today program , which he presents , John Sweeney of Panorama , and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content .
On October 7 against the Tennessee Titans , Gandy suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee , causing him to miss the remainder of the season .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , spray , and lozenge forms .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is an antitussive -LRB- cough suppressant -RRB- drug .
Matt Berman , of Common Sense Media , praised the book , saying `` The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun , with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist . ''
Interestingly , centrioles are not required for the progression of mitosis .
In the absence of the centrioles the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle .
When the centrioles are irradiated by a laser , mitosis proceeds normally with a morphologically normal spindle .
Like most molluscs , cephalopods use hemocyanin , a copper-containing protein , rather than hemoglobin , to transport oxygen .
In anatomy , a ganglion -LRB- ; plural ganglia -RRB- is a biological tissue mass , most commonly a mass of nerve cell bodies .
In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , which ended in the first half of the 19th century .
Dust mite excretion , pollen and pet dander are all common allergens , but it is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume to royal jelly .
Multicellular organisms , especially long-living animals , also face the challenge of cancer , which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development .
Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities , leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor .
Transposition can create phenotypically significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
The resolution of pit eyes can be greatly improved by incorporating a material with a higher refractive index to form a lens , which may greatly reduce the blur radius encounteredâ '' hence increasing the resolution obtainable .
The cytoplasm is a thick liquid residing between the cell membrane holding organelles , except for the nucleus .
The cytoplasm has three major elements ; the cytosol , organelles and inclusions .
A cadre of young military officers , led by Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk , organized a successful resistance to the Allies ; in 1923 , they would establish the modern Republic of Turkey with AtatÃ 1\/4 rk as its first president .
In 1877 , the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations , so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents ; in 1882 , the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem -LRB- Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group -RRB- ; and by 1887 , had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade , which undertook practical and life-saving work .
Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order 's star in white silk : the Sovereign Head , Grand Prior , and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem ; the Sovereign 's and Grand Prior 's are of white silk with gold adornments , the former 's also surmounted by a St. Edward 's Crown , while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice , and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen , the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk , the latter in white silk .
Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta , but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta .
If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon and through the pupa phase of its life cycle , it will release proteolytic enzymes to make a hole in the cocoon so that it can emerge as a moth .
The eyes occupied almost all of the space in the skull and were protected by bony plates -LRB- sclerotic rings -RRB- , which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth .
To make the chocolate drink , which was served cold , the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste , and mixed it with water , cornmeal , chile peppers , and other ingredients .
What the Spaniards then called `` chocolatl '' was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
It is very sweet and may be topped with marshmallows , whipped cream , or a piece of solid chocolate .
After defeating Montezuma 's warriors , and demanding that the Aztec nobles hand over their valuables , CortÃ s returned to Spain in 1528 , bringing cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw , and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing .
Carbonation is the process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water .
One study found a weak correlation between the size of the stretched penis and foot size and height . Another investigation failed to find any evidence for a link between shoe size and stretched penis size .
For women , width rather than length is a more important factor of sexual stimulation . Fear of shrinking of the penis in folklore have led to a type of mass hysteria called penis panic , though the penis legitimately can shrink in size due to scar tissue formation in the penis from a medical condition called Peyronie 's disease .
Potassium arsenite -LRB- KAsO2 -RRB- is the compound which forms the basis of Fowler 's solution and is used as a specific rodenticide .
JVL received awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection , USA Today Hot Site , and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel , the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others .
This genus is responsible for approximately 95 % of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning , with the death cap accounting for about 50 % on its own .
Nothing was seen ; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot , Wild took a sounding at 64 Â 11 'S , 46 Â 4 ` W , which revealed 2331 f of water .
They found no signs of land ; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped , a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity .
But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .
Effector lymphocytes function to eliminate the antigen , either by releasing antibodies -LRB- in the case of B cells -RRB- , cytotoxic granules -LRB- cytotoxic T cells -RRB- or by signaling to other cells of the immune system -LRB- helper T cells -RRB- .
They can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases , which can break the alpha-linkages -LRB- glycosidic bonds -RRB- .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
He had become addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier .
Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine , radium , and radon .
Mayflies are unique among the winged insects in that they moult one more time after acquiring functional wings -LRB- this is also known as the alate stage -RRB- ; this second-to-last winged instar is usually very short , often a matter of hours , and is known as a subimago or to fly fishermen as a dun .
Elettaria cardamomum -LRB- the usual type of cardamom -RRB- is used as a spice , a masticatory , and in medicine ; it is also smoked sometimes ; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei .
Fermentation of lactose by these bacteria produces lactic acid , which acts on milk protein to give yoghurt its texture and its characteristic tang .
Yoghurt is nutritionally rich in protein , calcium , riboflavin , vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 .
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and lupus erythematosus .
Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich , who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction ; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908 , which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology , Elie Metchnikoff .
Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease , such as severe combined immunodeficiency , or be produced by pharmaceuticals or an infection , such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- that is caused by the retrovirus HIV .
The radius is one of the two large bones of the forearm , the other being the ulna .
Fighters wore leather straps -LRB- called himantes -RRB- over their hands -LRB- leaving the fingers free -RRB- , wrists , and sometimes breast , to protect themselves from injury .
Gollum reappears , struggles with Frodo for the Ring , and bites off Frodo 's finger , Ring and all , but in so doing falls into the fire , taking the Ring with him .
Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area , California , in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- vocals , bass -RRB- , Gus Pepa -LRB- rhythm guitar -RRB- , and Andy Galeon -LRB- drums -RRB- .
Holly Marie Combs -LRB- born December 3 , 1973 -RRB- is an American film and television actress and producer whose roles have included a portrayal in Charmed as Piper Halliwell and another in Picket Fences , where she received a Young Artist Award for her role , as Kimberly Brock .
Smashers use this ability to attack snails , crabs , molluscs and rock oysters ; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces .
The eyes of mantis shrimp may make them able to recognize different types of coral , prey species -LRB- which are often transparent or semi-transparent -RRB- , or predators , such as barracuda , which have shimmering scales .
Because it is a known carcinogen , its use as an additive in gasoline is now limited , but it is an important industrial solvent and precursor to basic industrial chemicals including drugs , plastics , synthetic rubber , and dyes .
Rather , the beginning is defined at the base of a chemically distinctive carbonate layer -LRB- this bed is characterized by an unusual depletion of 13C -RRB- , referred to as a `` cap carbonate '' , because it caps glacial deposits and indicates a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age .
Because of its reactivity with water , lithium is usually stored under cover of a viscous hydrocarbon , often petroleum jelly .
The lithium ion Li + administered as any of several lithium salts has proved to be useful as a mood-stabilizing drug due to neurological effects of the ion in the human body . Lithium and its compounds have several industrial applications , including heat-resistant glass and ceramics , high strength-to-weight alloys used in aircraft , lithium batteries and lithium-ion batteries .
Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate -LRB- Li2CO3 -RRB- , lithium citrate , and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers .
The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 200,000 to 700,000 BP , as do various other sites such as Montagu Cave -LRB- 58,000 to 200,000 BP -RRB- and at the Klasies River Mouth -LRB- 120,000 to 130,000 BP -RRB- .
Tendons are similar to ligaments and fasciae as they are all made of collagen except that ligaments join one bone to another bone , and fasciae connect muscles to other muscles .
Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen while most microbats eat insects ; others may feed on the blood of animals , small mammals , fish , frogs , fruit , pollen or nectar .
Upon her return to Canada , she married film director Paul Almond in 1967 , and starred in three of his films : Isabel -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , The Act of the Heart -LRB- 1970 -RRB- and Journey -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , winning the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two .
They include a wide variety of pathogens , such as Escherichia , Salmonella , Vibrio , Helicobacter , and many other notable genera .
The first emotions of Galerius were those of surprise , disappointment , and rage ; and , as he could seldom restrain his passions , he threatened to burn both the letter and the messenger .
The core continues to contract and heat up , and when its temperature reaches 100 million K , helium nuclei begin to fuse into carbon and oxygen .
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians that use internal insemination exclusively -LRB- although the tailed frog in the U.S. does use a tail-like appendage for internal insemination in its fast flowing water environment -RRB- .
Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seals and gaskets , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , high performance adhesives , surface coatings and sealants , Spandex fibers , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts -LRB- such as for electronic instruments -RRB- .
Although the term opiate is often used as a synonym for opioid , the term opiate is properly limited to only the natural alkaloids found in the resin of the opium poppy -LRB- Papaver somniferum -RRB- .
The seed is also used in various alternative healing systems like Ayurveda -LRB- to control diabetes , for example . -RRB- , Unani and Chinese medicine for digestive ailments .
Subclinical riboflavin deficiency has also been observed in women taking oral contraceptives , in the elderly , in people with eating disorders , and in disease states such as HIV , inflammatory bowel disease , diabetes and chronic heart disease .
Insects land on the leaf , become mired by the surface tension of the water , and suffocate .
Latent Autoimmune Diabetes of Adults -LRB- LADA -RRB- , also known as , Diabetes Type 1.5 , is a term coined by Tuomi et al . in 1993 -LRB- Diabetes 42:359 -362 -RRB- to describe slow-onset Type 1 autoimmune diabetes in adults . The Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus -LRB- Diabetes Care , Volume 30 , Supplement 1 , January 2007 -RRB- does not recognize the term LADA ; rather , the Expert Committee includes LADA in the definition of Type 1 autoimmune diabetes -LRB- â Type 1 diabetes results from a cellular-mediated autoimmune destruction of the beta-cells of the pancreas .
A chemical compound is a pure chemical substance consisting of two or more different chemical elements that can be separated into simpler substances by chemical reactions . Chemical compounds have a unique and defined chemical structure ; they consist of a fixed ratio of atoms that are held together in a defined spatial arrangement by chemical bonds .
Frostbite -LRB- congelatio in medical terminology -RRB- is the medical condition where localized damage is caused to skin and other tissues due to extreme cold .
Some women experience intense pleasure if the G-Spot is stimulated appropriately during sexual activity . A G-Spot orgasm may be responsible for female ejaculation , leading some doctors and researchers to believe that G-Spot pleasure comes from the Skene 's glands , a female homolog of the prostate , rather than any particular spot on the vaginal wall .
Upon admission into the Order of Merit , members are entitled to use the post-nominal letters OM , and are entrusted with the badge of the order , consisting of a golden crown from which is suspended a red enamelled cross , itself centred by a disk of blue enamel , surrounded by a gold laurel wreath , and bearing in gold lettering the words FOR MERIT ; the insignia for the military grouping is distinguished by a pair of crossed swords behind the central disk .
According to some , a quickie between a heterosexual couple generally satisfies only the man 's desire ; others claim that quickies -LRB- with intercourse or some other form of stimulation of the vulva -RRB- can be `` a major turn-on '' for a woman , too , but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally , and so require the use of an artificial water-based lubricant .
It is usually served au jus -LRB- `` with juice '' -RRB- , that is , with beef juice from the cooking process .
Hemorrhoids -LRB- US English -RRB- or hemorrhoids -LRB- British English ; pronounced \/ Ë hÉ mÉ rÉ '' É dz \/ -RRB- , are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control .
When the Black Death -LRB- bubonic plague -RRB- reached Al Andalus in the 14th century , Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by `` minute bodies '' which enter the human body and cause disease .
Another 14th century Andalusian-Arabian physician , Ibn al-Khatib -LRB- 1313 â `` 1374 -RRB- , wrote a treatise called On the Plague , in which he stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and `` through garments , vessels and earrings . ''
In his practice , Freud had a patient who would today be diagnosed with the disorder : Russian aristocrat Sergei Pankejeff -LRB- nicknamed `` The Wolf Man '' by Freud himself in order to protect Pankejeff 's identity -RRB- , had a preoccupation with his nose to such an extent it greatly limited his functioning .
A meteor impact throws both Ratchet and Clank off of the platform ; Clank manages to grab onto the ledge and catch Ratchet , but the strain of supporting Ratchet 's weight causes heavy damage to Clank 's arm . Ratchet offers to repair Clank , and as the game ends they walk off together as a team .
Ribulose-1 ,5 - bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase , most commonly known by the shorter name RuBisCO , is an enzyme involved in the Calvin cycle that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation , a process by which the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose .
It is a symptom usually associated with the common cold and chesty coughs , but can also be found in patients with infections of the adenoids , middle ear , sinus or tonsils .
Chloroplasts have their own genome , which is considerably reduced compared to that of free-living cyanobacteria , but the parts that are still present show clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome .
Sensing of both the external and internal environments at the cellular level relies on signal transduction . Many disease processes , such as diabetes , heart disease , autoimmunity , and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways , further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology , as well as medicine .
The lines of color and stripes present on Frieza before completely disappear ; his skin is now a pure , solid white with purple sections on his head , shoulders , forearms , chest and shins .
White chocolate is made of cocoa butter , milk , and sugar .
Ashland Coal , Inc. was formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil . The privately held Arch Mineral Corporation merged with Ashland Coal , Inc. in July 1997 , creating the present-day company .
Best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford - in particular because of the COSWORTH name in the vehicle title on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth , but also in the creation of other Ford models ; the Escort RS1600 , Escort RS1800 , RS200 , and Scorpio 2.9 i 24V .
It slow weakening began on August 2 as it entered cooler waters , and it officially dissipated on August 6 , though like many Pacific hurricanes , a remnant circulation could be tracked westward for several days afterward .
heather honey has a characteristic strong taste , and an unusual texture , for it is thixotropic , being a jelly until stirred , when it becomes a syrup like other honey , but then sets again to a jelly .
They had five children together : Virginia Leftwich -LRB- Gigi -RRB- Graham Tchividjian -LRB- b. 1945 -RRB- ; Anne Graham Lotz -LRB- b. 1948 ; runs AnGeL ministries -RRB- ; Ruth Graham -LRB- b. 1950 ; founder and president of Ruth Graham & Friends -RRB- ; Franklin Graham -LRB- b. 1952 ; administers an international relief organization called Samaritan 's Purse and will be his father 's successor at the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association -RRB- ; and Nelson `` Ned '' Graham -LRB- b. 1958 ; a pastor who runs East Gates International , which distributes Christian literature in China -RRB- .
In 1933 , when Prohibition in the United States ended , Graham 's father forced Graham and his sister Katherine to drink beer until they vomited , which created an aversion , in both of them , to alcohol and drugs .
The most prominent example of toxic chromium is hexavalent chromium -LRB- Cr -LRB- VI -RRB- -RRB- .
His orations constitute a significant expression of contemporary Athenian intellectual prowess and provide an insight into the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC .
Plants grown in sterile soils and growth media often perform poorly without the addition of spores or hyphae of mycorrhizal fungi to colonise the plant roots and aid in the uptake of soil mineral nutrients .
Modern kites use synthetic materials , such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics for the sails , fibreglass or carbon fiber for the spars and dacron or dyneema for the kite lines .
Before 1508 he had painted several altar-pieces for the Castle Church at Wittenberg in competition with Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer , Hans Burgkmair and others ; the duke and his brother John were portrayed in various attitudes and a number of his best woodcuts and copper-plates were published .
Despite efforts to keep the Covenant from finding Earth , a Covenant fleet discovers humanity 's homeworld during Halo 2 . By the beginning of Halo 3 , the Covenant have arrived in full force on Earth , with most human resistance crushed .
Mood disorder is the term designating a group of diagnoses in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM IV TR -RRB- classification system where a disturbance in the person 's mood is hypothesized to be the main underlying feature . The classification is known as mood -LRB- affective -RRB- disorders in ICD 10 .
He was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine , along with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider , for the discovery of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres .
In table 1 the estimated world polyester production is shown . Main applications are textile polyester , bottle polyester resin , film polyester mainly for packaging and specialty polyesters for engineering plastics .
The blood of a cuttlefish is an unusual shade of green-blue because it uses the copper-containing protein hemocyanin to carry oxygen instead of the red iron-containing protein hemoglobin that is found in vertebrates ' blood .
Today scurvy is known to be caused by a nutritional deficiency , but until the isolation of vitamin C and its direct link to scurvy in 1932 , numerous theories and treatments were proposed , often on little or no experimental data . This inconsistency is attributed to the lack of vitamin C as a distinct concept , the varying vitamin C content of different foods -LRB- notably present in fresh citrus , watercress , and organ meat -RRB- , and how vitamin C can be destroyed by exposure to air and copper .
In other words , a single fertilized egg cell -- the zygote -- changes into the many cell types including neurons , muscle cells , epithelium , blood vessels etc. as it continues to divide .
During morphogenesis , totipotent stem cells become the various pluripotent cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells .
Lyme disease , or Lyme borreliosis , is an emerging infectious disease caused by at least three species of bacteria belonging to the genus Borrelia .
Bubonic plague was often used synonymously for plague , but it does in fact refer specifically to an infection that enters through the skin and travels through the lymphatics , as is often seen in flea-borne infections .
In the early 1950s , Monroe and Gregg Palmer both unsuccessfully auditioned for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li ' l Abner television series based on the Al Capp comic strip , but the effort never materialized .
Making the film had proved to be an arduous experience for the actors ; in addition to Monroe 's distress , Montgomery Clift had frequently been unable to perform due to illness , and by the final day of shooting , Thelma Ritter was in hospital suffering from exhaustion .
She saw a possibility in 20th Century Fox 's upcoming film , The Egyptian , but was rebuffed by Darryl F. Zanuck who refused to screen test her .
Passive stretching of the muscles is also painful , and trismus , which is similar to tetanus , is common .
Only the style and stigma project above the sepals , petals , and stamens , which appear to attach to the top of the ovary . This sort of ovary is called an inferior ovary , and the flower is said to be epigynous .
All three were found floating in the bay with their hands and feet bound , concrete blocks tied to their necks and duct tape over their mouths . Autopsies indicated the women had been thrown into the water one by one while still alive .
Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting the liver , caused by the hepatitis C virus -LRB- HCV -RRB- .
Current guidelines strongly recommend that hepatitis C patients be vaccinated for hepatitis A and B if they have not yet been exposed to these viruses , as infection with a second virus could worsen their liver disease .
A VIPoma -LRB- also known as Verner Morrison syndrome , after the physicians who first described it -RRB- is a rare -LRB- 1 per 10,000,000 per year -RRB- endocrine tumor , usually -LRB- about 90 % -RRB- originating in the pancreas , that produces vasoactive intestinal peptide -LRB- VIP -RRB- .
Nucleosomes form the fundamental repeating units of eukaryotic chromatin , which is used to pack the large eukaryotic genomes into the nucleus while still ensuring appropriate access to it -LRB- in mammalian cells approximately 2 m of linear DNA have to be packed into a nucleus of roughly 10 Â m diameter -RRB- .
In male human anatomy , the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus when the penis is not erect .
Infection with P. vivax , P. ovale or P. malariae is usually treated on an outpatient basis . Treatment of P. vivax requires both treatment of blood stages -LRB- with chloroquine or ACT -RRB- as well as clearance of liver forms with primaquine .
It was believed , but had not been proven , that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long QT Syndrome .
Red Bull contains taurine , glucuronolactone , caffeine , B vitamins , sucrose , and glucose .
Lung cancer is a disease which consists of uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung .
Asbestos can cause a variety of lung diseases , including lung cancer .
Many sperm whales carry scars on their backs believed to be caused by the hooks of Colossal Squid . Colossal Squid are a major prey item for Antarctic sperm whales feeding in the Southern Ocean ; 14 % of the squid beaks found in the stomachs of these sperm whales are those of the Colossal Squid , which indicates that Colossal Squid make up 77 % of the biomass consumed by these whales .
He gained prominence in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC sitcom Soap and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and 1990s , appearing in the critical and box office successes When Harry Met Sally ... and City Slickers .
Many other herbs may be used as well , such as petite wormwood -LRB- Artemisia pontica or Roman wormwood -RRB- , hyssop , melissa , star anise , angelica , sweet flag , dittany , coriander , veronica , juniper , and nutmeg .
A common example of a chemical substance is pure water ; it has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it is isolated from a river or made in a laboratory .
The Polish government decided to restore Auschwitz I and turn it into a museum honoring the victims of Nazism ; Auschwitz II , where buildings -LRB- many of which were prefabricated wood structures -RRB- were prone to decay , was preserved but not restored . Today , the Auschwitz I museum site combines elements from several periods into a single complex : for example the gas chamber at Auschwitz I -LRB- which had been converted into an air-raid shelter for the SS -RRB- was restored and the fence was moved -LRB- because of building work being done after the war but before the museum was established -RRB- .
After days of starvation , Bobby Jon brought a giant clam for his tribe ; hoping that it would help them win the next Immunity Challenge .
In a twist that would eventually lead to its use in later seasons , one individual immunity challenge required the first player to drop out to spend a night alone on an isolated island .
With the others -LRB- including the obviously-vulnerable Stephenie -RRB- bailed out for various food items , Tom was the last man standing and won Immunity .
His two greatest achievements are cited as overseeing the eradication of smallpox , and the control of Australia 's rabbit plague through the introduction of Myxoma virus .
Toes are the digits of the foot of a tetrapod .
Public school buildings acted as shelters , and were for refuge only , meaning they did not provide food , cots , blankets , medications or other comfort items .
In contrast to selenium , tellurium is not able to replace sulfur in its minerals . This is due to the large difference in ion radius of sulfur and tellurium .
Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex , the Danish group HÃ st and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group , the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time ; the periodical Cobra , a series of collaborations between various members called Peintures-Mot and two large-scale exhibitions .
Saliva -LRB- sÉ Ë laÉ vÉ , referred to in various contexts as spit , spittle , drivel , drool , or slobber -RRB- is the watery and usually frothy substance produced in the mouths of humans and most other animals . Saliva is a component of oral fluid .
Appendicitis a condition characterized by inflammation of the appendix .
Hydrothermal vent communities are able to sustain such vast amounts of life because vent organisms depend on chemosynthetic bacteria for food .
He was immediately arrested by waiting members of the Long Beach Police Department ; when asked by a reporter why he had done it , Walters replied , `` A man ca n't just sit around . ''
Walters attached the balloons to his lawn chair , filled them with helium , put on a parachute , and strapped himself into the chair in the backyard of a home at 1633 W. 7th St. in San Pedro He took his pellet gun , a CB radio , sandwiches , cold beer , and a camera .
Food additives are substances added to food to preserve flavor or enhance its taste and appearance . Some additives have been used for centuries ; for example , preserving food by pickling -LRB- with vinegar -RRB- , salting , as with bacon , preserving sweets or using sulfur dioxide as in some wines .
Finally , fast local hard disk can also cache information held on even slower data storage devices , such as remote servers -LRB- web cache -RRB- or local tape drives or optical jukeboxes .
The 24th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series , the film tells the story of two unlikely friends , a red fox named Tod and a hound dog named Copper , who struggle to preserve their friendship despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries .
The film is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich and features the voices of Kurt Russell , Mickey Rooney , Pearl Bailey , Pat Buttram , Sandy Duncan , Richard Bakalyan , Paul Winchell , Jack Albertson , Jeanette Nolan , John Fiedler , John McIntire , Keith Coogan , and Corey Feldman .
Rise Against released their first two records -LRB- The Unraveling , and Revolutions per Minute -RRB- on Fat Wreck Chords , and their next three -LRB- Siren Song of the Counter Culture , The Sufferer & the Witness , Appeal to Reason -RRB- on Geffen , and their next album Endgame was released on Interscope .
Oliver Smithies -LRB- born June 23 , 1925 -RRB- is a British-born American geneticist and Nobel laureate , credited with the invention of gel electrophoresis in 1955 , and the simultaneous discovery , with Mario Capecchi and Martin Evans , of the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA , a much more reliable method of altering animal genomes than previously used , and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice .
There is hyaline cartilage present in the bronchi , present as irregular rings in the larger bronchi -LRB- and not as regular as in the trachea -RRB- , and as small plates and islands in the smaller bronchi .
The tre cassyn also appears on the Manx Sword of State , which is popularly said to date to the time of King AmlaÃ b mac Gofraid -LRB- d. 1237 -RRB- , although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century .
The ilama is usually chilled when served . It is sometimes served with a little cream and sugar to intensify the flavor , or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to bring in a tart and bitter tinge .
On 13 September 2008 , Lee , then 84 , underwent successful treatment for abnormal heart rhythm -LRB- atrial flutter -RRB- at Singapore General Hospital , but he was still able to address a philanthropy forum via video link from hospital .
A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism -LRB- e.g. virus or bacterium or fungus -RRB- .
The Olympic Games -LRB- - ta Olympia ; - Olympiakoi Agones -RRB- were a series of athletic competitions held for representatives of various city-states of Ancient Greece held in honor of Zeus .
They have small eyes and poor sight , and hunt in the early evening and at night , using their hearing and long , sensitive whiskers to locate prey .
The official cause of death was a drug overdose ; an autopsy found a lethal mixture of cocaine and the prescription drug Tramadol , a synthetic opiate .
It can also live in symbiosis with plants and fungi and is found in soil , water , the rhizosphere , and in many animals .
Leaf transpiration occurs through stomata , and can be thought of as a necessary `` cost '' associated with the opening of the stomata to allow the diffusion of carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis .
The transpiration ratio is the ratio of the mass of water transpired to the mass of dry matter produced ; the transpiration ratio of crops tends to fall between 200 and 1000 -LRB- i.e. , crop plants transpire 200 to 1000 kg of water for every kg of dry matter produced -RRB- .
In 1620 , the clergyman Edmund Gunter developed a method of surveying land accurately with low technology equipment , using what became known as Gunter 's chain ; this was 66 feet long and from the practice of using his chain , the word transferred to the actual measured unit . His chain had 100 links , and the link is used as a subdivision of the chain as a unit of length .
The most memorable of these was his victory on the Champs - Ã lysÃ es in Paris where he won by a huge margin ; almost 30m , with his own lead out man , Mark Renshaw having enough time to come in 2nd with his arms raised .
An alternative name for measles in English-speaking countries is rubeola , which is sometimes confused with rubella -LRB- German measles -RRB- ; the diseases are unrelated .
; RNA viruses : Replication usually takes place in the cytoplasm .
However , some viruses including those causing AIDS and viral hepatitis evade these immune responses and result in chronic infections .
A biochemical pathway called the RISC complex is activated , which degrades the viral mRNA and the cell survives the infection .
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses , but several antiviral drugs have been developed .
Other factors such as the length of an arm wrestler 's arm , his\/her muscle and arm mass\/density , hand grip size , wrist endurance and flexibility , reaction time , as well as countless other traits , can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another .
The reading dome 's original skylights were modified and covered in copper sheets in 1959 due to water leakage .
Orthopox : smallpox virus -LRB- variola -RRB- , vaccinia virus , cowpox virus , monkeypox virus ; Parapox : orf virus , pseudocowpox , bovine papular stomatitis virus ; Yatapox : tanapox virus , yaba monkey tumor virus ; Molluscipox : molluscum contagiosum virus -LRB- MCV -RRB- .
The original sundae consists of vanilla ice cream topped with a flavored sauce or syrup , whipped cream , and a maraschino cherry .
It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism has a waxy coat around it that does not accept the Gram stain .
Two former members died within a few years of each other in the early 2000s ; Joe Nanini died of a brain hemorrhage on December 4 , 2000 , and Marc Moreland died of kidney and liver failure on March 13 , 2002 .
On the undercard , Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane , The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter , and Maryse and Gail Kim competed against Team Lay-Cool -LRB- Layla and Michelle McCool -RRB- in an interbrand Divas tag team match .
Most commercially-available baking powders are made up of an alkaline component -LRB- typically baking soda , also known as sodium bicarbonate -RRB- , one or more acid salts , and an inert starch -LRB- cornstarch in most cases , though potato starch may also be used -RRB- .
Cartridges intended only for Game Boy Color -LRB- and not for the original Game Boy -RRB- lack the `` notch '' for the locking mechanism present in the top of the original cartridges , preventing operation on an original Game Boy -LRB- the cartridge can be inserted , but the power switch can not be moved to the `` on '' position -RRB- . Even if this is bypassed by using a Game Boy Pocket , Game Boy Light , or Super Game Boy , the game will not run , and an image on the screen will inform the user that the game is only compatible with Game Boy Color systems .
He was awarded the shared Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1974 , together with Albert Claude and George E. Palade , for describing the structure and function of organelles -LRB- lysosomes and peroxisomes -RRB- in biological cells .
He compared the effects of various different acidic substances , ranging from vinegar to cider , on groups of afflicted sailors , and found that the group who were given oranges and lemons had largely recovered from scurvy after 6 days .
Wind power is the conversion of wind energy into a useful form of energy , such as using wind turbines to make electricity , wind mills for mechanical power , wind pumps for pumping water or drainage , or sails to propel ships .
Brown died in Warrenton , Virginia on August 15 , 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome -- being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease , since 1999 .
This colourless solid is prepared by the reaction of selenium with a solution of sodium in ammonia .
Specifically , an allergic response may be triggered in people sensitive to the growth medium , usually corn , soy , or wheat . For example , residual wheat gluten has been detected on xanthan gum made using wheat .
Xanthan gum may be derived from a variety of source products that are themselves common allergens , such as corn , wheat , dairy , or soy .
As such , persons with known sensitivities or allergies to food products are advised to avoid foods including generic xanthan gum or first determine the source for the xanthan gum before consuming the food .
Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum , where it serves as a binder to keep the product uniform .
During meiosis , there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome .
Though cell reproduction that uses mitosis can not reproduce eukaryotic cells , eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage .
He and his associate John Hayes Hammond led novel game expeditions to Africa with the goal of finding large animals such as Giant Eland , hippopotamus , zebra , and various bird species that might be bred in the United States and become game for future American sportsmen .
The scars , or leaf cushions , were composed of green photosynthetic tissue , evidenced by the cuticle covering and being dotted with stomata , microscopic pores through which carbon dioxide from the air diffuses into plants .
The halogens or halogen elements are a series of nonmetal elements from Group 17 IUPAC Style -LRB- formerly : VII , VIIA -RRB- of the periodic table , comprising fluorine -LRB- F -RRB- , chlorine -LRB- Cl -RRB- , bromine -LRB- Br -RRB- , iodine -LRB- I -RRB- , and astatine -LRB- At -RRB- .
Joey Ramone -LRB- born Jeffry Ross Hyman ; May 19 , 1951 â `` April 15 , 2001 -RRB- was a vocalist and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist in the punk rock band the Ramones . Joey Ramone 's image , voice and tenure as frontman of the Ramones made him a countercultural icon .
The cryosphere -LRB- from the Greek cryos `` cold '' , `` frost '' or `` ice '' -RRB- is the term which collectively describes the portions of the Earthâ s surface where water is in solid form , including sea ice , lake ice , river ice , snow cover , glaciers , ice caps and ice sheets , and frozen ground -LRB- which includes permafrost -RRB- .
It is produced with high efficiency by reducing sodium chlorate in a strong acid solution with a suitable reducing agent such as methanol , hydrogen peroxide , hydrochloric acid or sulfur dioxide .
The specific name means `` full below the throat '' and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season .
Tar made from coal or petroleum is considered toxic and carcinogenic because of its high benzene content , though coal tar in low concentrations is used as a topical medicine .
Lip balm or lip salve is a waxy substance applied topically to the lips of the mouth to relieve chapped or dry lips , angular cheilitis , stomatitis , or cold sores .
Renal medullary carcinoma has been termed `` the seventh sickle cell nephropathy '' because it is found almost exclusively in individuals with sickle cell trait or occasionally in those with sickle cell disease .
The first is the polypoid stage , when the animal takes the form of a small stalk with feeding tentacles ; this polyp may be sessile , living on the bottom or on similar substrata such as floats or boat-bottoms , or it may be free-floating or attached to tiny bits of free-living plankton or rarely , fish or other invertebrates .
Like the land plants -LRB- bryophytes and tracheophytes -RRB- , green algae contain chlorophylls a and b , and store food as starch in their plastids .
Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words `` 4REAL '' into his arm with a razor blade -LRB- narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches -RRB- in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic .
In The Tomb of the Cybermen -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , veins and brains were visible through the domed head of the Cyberman Controller and similarly , in Attack of the Cybermen -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and `` The Age of Steel '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the Cyber-Controller 's brain is visible through the dome .
In their first appearance in the series , the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands ; by their next appearance in The Moonbase -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , their bodies were entirely covered up in their metallic suits , with their hands replaced by two finger claws , but they changed back to regular five-fingered hands in The Invasion -LRB- 1968 -RRB- .
Most often aluminium adjuvants are used , but adjuvants like squalene are also used in some vaccines and more vaccines with squalene and phosphate adjuvants are being tested .
When the virulent version of an agent comes along the body recognizes the protein coat on the virus , and thus is prepared to respond , by -LRB- 1 -RRB- neutralizing the target agent before it can enter cells , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- by recognizing and destroying infected cells before that agent can multiply to vast numbers .
While most vaccines are created using inactivated or attenuated compounds from micro-organisms , synthetic vaccines are composed mainly or wholly of synthetic peptides , carbohydrates or antigens .
Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases , because there is little revenue potential .
This phenomenon was first noted in the trivalent Sabin polio vaccine , where the amount of serotype 2 virus in the vaccine had to be reduced to stop it from interfering with the `` take '' of the serotype 1 and 2 viruses in the vaccine .
The twentieth century saw the introduction of several successful vaccines , including those against diphtheria , measles , mumps , and rubella .
Principles that govern the immune response can now be used in tailor-made vaccines against many noninfectious human diseases , such as cancers and autoimmune disorders .
Several preservatives are available , including thiomersal , phenoxyethanol , and formaldehyde .
In medicine , a central venous catheter -LRB- `` central line '' , `` CVC '' , `` central venous line '' or `` central venous access catheter '' -RRB- is a catheter placed into a large vein in the neck -LRB- internal jugular vein or external jugular vein -RRB- , chest -LRB- subclavian vein -RRB- or groin -LRB- femoral vein -RRB- .
The lack of indium mineral deposits and the fact that indium is enriched in sulfidic lead , tin , copper , iron and predominately in zinc deposits , makes zinc production the main source for indium . The indium is leached from slag and dust of zinc production .
As such , polyploids played a conservative role in evolution since problems with fertility prevented the acquisition and replication of new genetic material that might lead to a new line of evolution .
Amaranth is a reddish-rose color that is a representation of the color of the flower of the amaranth plant . The color shown is the color of the red amaranth flower -LRB- the color normally considered amaranth -RRB- , but there are other varieties of amaranth that have other colors of amaranth flowers ; these colors are also shown below .
On the hand with which he carries his stick , often called the `` stick hand , '' the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm , usually extending just beyond the wrist .
Footprints , eggshells , teeth , and fragments of bone representing theropods , sauropods , and ornithopods have been found , but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level .
Electron transport chains are the cellular mechanisms used for extracting energy from sunlight in photosynthesis and also from redox reactions , such as the oxidation of sugars -LRB- respiration -RRB- .
The Glossy-mantled Manucode , Manucodia ater , is a medium-sized , around 42 cm long , glossed green , blue and purple black bird of paradise with a red iris , black bill , long graduated tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers .
Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico that resulted in ten fatalities ; however , a damage estimate is unknown .
The traditional jersey , and traditional guernsey , are dyed a navy blue color , using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil , rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant .
Her roles at the Met included Susanna in Nozze di Figaro ; Despina in CosÃ fan tutte ; The Queen of the Night in The Magic Flute ; Amore in Gluck 's Orfeo ed Euridice ; Marzeline in Beethoven 's Fidelio ; Rosina in Il barbiere di Siviglia ; Adina in Elisir d'amore ; Norina in Don Pasquale ; Oscar in Ballo in maschera ; Nanetta in Falstaff ; Olympia in Les contes d'Hoffmann ; Sophie in Der Rosenkavalier ; Zerbinetta in Ariadne auf Naxos ; and Adele in Die Fledermaus . She later added lyric-coloratura roles such as Amina in La Sonnambula , Lucia in Lucia di Lammermoor and Gilda in Rigoletto , the last being her farewell role at the Met in 1985 .
Michael Eugene `` Mike '' Epps -LRB- born November 18 , 1970 -RRB- is an American stand-up comedian , actor , film producer , writer , singer , musician , and rapper , best known for playing Day-Day Jones in Next Friday and the sequel-to-the-sequel , Friday After Next , and also starring alongside Ice Cube in All About The Benjamins . He is known as the new voice of Boog in Open Season 2 and Open Season 3 .
The primitive Liphistiidae , the `` trapdoor spiders '' -LRB- family Ctenizidae -RRB- and many tarantulas are ambush predators that lurk in burrows , often closed by trapdoors and often surrounded by networks of silk threads that alert these spiders to the presence of prey .
Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges : they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false `` waists '' in the cephalothorax to mimic the three distinct regions -LRB- tagmata -RRB- of an ant 's body ; they wave the first pair of legs in form to their heads to mimic antennae , which spiders lack , and to conceal the fact that they have eight legs rather than six ; they develop large color patches round one pair of eyes to disguise the fact that they generally have eight simple eyes , while ants have two compound eyes ; they cover their bodies with reflective hairs to resemble the shiny bodies of ants .
Various touch sensors , mostly bristles called setae , respond to different levels of force , from strong contact to very weak air currents .
It was believed that the living had a symbiotic relationship with the dead where the dead provided everything the living needed -LRB- health , fertility of land and animals , fortune , etc. -RRB- and the living through offerings provided the dead with a better place in the spirit world .
A concentrate is a form of substance which has had the majority of its base component -LRB- in the case of a liquid : the solvent -RRB- removed . Typically this will be the removal of water from a solution or suspension such as the removal of water from fruit juice .
He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers , bacteria , spermatozoa and blood flow in capillaries -LRB- small blood vessels -RRB- .
Despite its name , the compound contains no bromineâ '' theobromine is derived from Theobroma , the name of the genus of the cacao tree , -LRB- which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo -LRB- `` God '' -RRB- and brosi -LRB- `` food '' -RRB- , meaning `` food of the gods '' -RRB- with the suffix - ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds .
In bacteria , carbon monoxide is produced via the reduction of carbon dioxide by the enzyme carbon monoxide dehydrogenase , an Fe-Ni-S-containing protein .
Mario Renato Capecchi -LRB- Verona , Italy , 6 October 1937 -RRB- is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist and a co-winner of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering a method for introducing homologous recombination in mice employing embryonic stem cells , with Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies .
Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm increased the turbidity and lowered the oxygen level in the water , threatening many fish and other marine wildlife .
Increases in newt toxicity then apply a selective pressure favoring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance .
Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a T. granulosa newt and survive .
In the past , MAOIs were prescribed for those resistant to tricyclic antidepressant therapy , but newer MAOIs such as selegiline and moclobemide provide a safer alternative and are now sometimes used as first-line therapy , although these substances are not always as effective as their predecessors .
The infection results from inhalation of endospores , and from contact with the milk , urine , feces , vaginal mucus , or semen of infected animals .
There is insufficient evidence to recommend for or against screening for skin cancer , oral cancer , lung cancer , or prostate cancer in men under 75 . Routine screening is not recommended for bladder cancer , testicular cancer , ovarian cancer , pancreatic cancer , or prostate cancer in men over 75 .
He stated that the excision should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed , which included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor .
Alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms , including bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -LRB- also called secondary metabolites -RRB- .
Erectile dysfunction -LRB- also known as ED or '' -LRB- male -RRB- impotence '' -RRB- is a sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop and\/or maintain an erection .
In early September , Hurricane Fabian struck Bermuda as a Category 3 hurricane , where it was the worst hurricane since 1926 ; on the island it caused four deaths and $ 300 million in damage -LRB- 2003 USD , $ USD -RRB- .
Measuring devices placed in the chamber to calculate the force of the blast were themselves destroyed by the explosion ; the skull of the dummy representing King James , which had been placed on a throne inside the chamber surrounded by courtiers , peers and bishops , was found a considerable distance from the site .
The diagram above shows the relationship between the genes and protein expression in flies .
Interestingly , the order of the genes on the chromosome is the same as the expression of the genes in the developing embryo , with the first gene being expressed in the anterior end of the developing organism .
In some organisms , especially vertebrates , the various Hox genes are situated very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters .
These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally .
The hair matrix epithelium is one of the fastest growing cell populations in the human body , which is why some forms of chemotherapy that kill dividing cells or radiotherapy may lead to temporary hair loss .
Fifty to one-hundred club hairs are shed daily from a normal scalp .
Other structures associated with the hair follicle include arrector pili muscles , sebaceous glands and apocrine sweat glands .
Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor .
In utero , the epithelium and underlying mesenchyma interact to form hair follicles .
The external root sheath appears empty with cuboid cells when stained with H&E stain .
Around the papilla is the hair matrix , a collection of epithelial cells often interspersed with the pigment producing cells , melanocytes .
It signals the end of the active growth of a hair .
Its functions are to move the scapulae and support the arm .
As the overhanging jaw and stout teeth are designed for grabbing and crushing , its primary prey may have been large animals and smaller dinosaurs , which it ambushed , dragged into the water , crushed , drowned and then tore apart .
The flower , which contains the non-toxic pyrrolizidine alkaloid thesinine , has a sweet honey-like taste and as one of the few truly blue-colored edible things , is often used to decorate dessert .
The main agricultural commodities produced in Wyoming include livestock -LRB- beef -RRB- , hay , sugar beets , grain -LRB- wheat and barley -RRB- , and wool .
The Ragdoll is a cat breed with blue eyes and a distinct colorpoint coat . It is a large and muscular semi-longhair cat with a soft and silky coat .
Oats , like rye , are usually considered a secondary crop , i.e. , derived from a weed of the primary cereal domesticates wheat and barley .
Oat protein is nearly equivalent in quality to soy protein , which has been shown by the World Health Organization to be equal to meat , milk , and egg protein .
Some examples of mechanical systems include the flow of a liquid under pressure , the fracture of a solid from an applied force , or the vibration of an ear in response to sound .
The use of machinery in harvesting can cause waste , as harvesters may be unable to discern between ripe and immature crops , or collect only part of a crop .
Cunnilingus is the act of using the mouth , lips , and tongue to stimulate the female genitals .
These drain into ducts situated between the lobes of the gland -LRB- called interlobar ducts or secretory ducts -RRB- .
Salivary duct calculus may cause blockage of the ducts , causing pain and swelling of the gland because of cysts .
Internal trafficking is a problem in the country ; women are trafficked from rural areas to urban settlements for commercial sexual exploitation .
`` Life Less Frightening '' is the third single from the Chicago melodic hardcore band Rise Against 's 2004 album Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
In many , but by no means all , species of molluscs , the epidermis of the mantle secretes calcium carbonate and conchiolin , and creates a shell .
Interstitial fluid -LRB- or tissue fluid -RRB- is a solution that bathes and surrounds the cells of multicellular animals . It is the main component of the extracellular fluid , which also includes plasma and transcellular fluid .
During the 20th century , the dramatic increase in average life span is widely credited to public health achievements , such as vaccination programs and control of infectious diseases , effective safety policies such as motor-vehicle and occupational safety , improved family planning , chlorination of drinking water , smoke-free measures , and programs designed to decrease chronic disease .
For example , the water-soluble and very basic thallium -LRB- I -RRB- hydroxide reacts with carbon dioxide forming water-soluble thallium carbonate This carbonate is the only water soluble heavy metal carbonate .
It is usually made as a large tart in an open pie shell without a top crust .
Pernick and Wilder identify six major forces , which they call the six Câ s , that are pushing clean technology into the mainstream and driving rapid growth and expansion : costs , capital , competition , China , consumers , and climate .
In addition , there may be exploratory wells probing the edges , pipelines to transport the oil elsewhere , and support facilities .
Nearly all the gasoline sold in the United States today is mixed with 10 percent ethanol , a mix known as E10 , and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends .
The rectum shortens as material is forced into the anal canal and peristaltic waves propel the feces out of the rectum .
It can come in many forms , including vanilla , lemon , lime , peanut butter , banana , coconut , and chocolate .
Unlike fossil-fueled power plants , wind farms require no water and their operation generates no carbon dioxide â '' a heat-trapping greenhouse gas that is a major contributor to global warming .
Goodfellow 's Tree-kangaroo has short , woolly fur , usually chestnut to red-brown in color , a gray-brown face , yellow-colored cheeks and feet ; a pale belly , a long , golden brown tail , and two golden stripes on its backside .
During the journey , Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah -LRB- Carla Gugino -RRB- who 's never had a human family , but is forced to leave her behind by Shadow and Riley -LRB- voiced by Sinbad -RRB- , the leader of Delilah 's pack .
After the trio return home , a depressed Chance is soon reunited with Delilah , who decided to follow her nose and her heart .
Scottish Folds can be either long - or short-haired , and they may have nearly any coat color or combination of colors -LRB- including white -RRB- except pointed colors : for example : cream , bi-color , et al .
The Chernye Zemli Irrigation Scheme -LRB- Ð Ð Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð Ð '' Ñ Ñ Ð Ð Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð 3\/4 Ñ Ð Ñ Ð Ð '' Ñ Ð 1\/2 Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ñ Ñ Ð Ð 1\/4 Ð -RRB- in southern Kalmykia receives water from the Caucasian rivers Terek and Kuma via a chain of canals : water flows from the Terek to the Kuma via the Terek-Kuma Canal , then to the Chogray Reservoir on the East Manych River via the Kuma-Manych Canal , and finally into Kalmykia 's steppes over the Chernye Zemli Main Canal , constructed in the 1970s .
Ultimately , he cut out the old man 's eyes , tore out his heart , and slashed his throat .
It is also used as flavoring in many Western-style chocolates , candy , and desserts , such as cakes and pastries -LRB- including Swiss rolls and cheesecake -RRB- , cookies , pudding , mousse , and green tea ice cream .
At atmospheric pressure , the carbon dioxide gas escapes very slowly from the supersaturated liquid .
The intestinal villi secrete the enzyme called lactase -LRB- Î - D-galactosidase -RRB- to digest it . This enzyme cleaves the lactose molecule into its two subunits , the simple sugars glucose and galactose , which can be absorbed .
However , different recipes , even in the Bolognese tradition , make use of chopped pork or pork sausage , white chicken , rabbit , or goose liver may be added along with the beef or veal for special occasions , and today many use both butter and olive oil for cooking the soffritto of small amounts of celery , carrot and onion .
When consumed in extract or tea form it is an expectorant of mucus from the respiratory tract , therefore relieving congestion , can regulate blood pressure , and can dispel gas .
Hyssop is also antibacterial , anticapillary fragility , antiinflamatory , etc. , and can help with about 81 different medical conditions including cancer , bronchitis , insomnia , edema , colds , etc. .
Vitamin A is a fat soluble vitamin and depends on micellar solubilization for dispersion into the small intestine , which results in poor use of vitamin A from low-fat diets .
Brushing the teeth , flossing , undergoing dental work , or eating crunchy foods such as potato chips relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission , because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth .
Antisense oligodeoxynucleotides have been proposed as possible treatment by down-regulating the expression of the oncogenic fusion protein associated with the development of Ewing sarcoma resulting from the EWS-ETS gene translocation . In addition , the synthetic retinoid derivative fenretinide -LRB- 4-hydroxy -LRB- phenyl -RRB- retinamide -RRB- has been reported to induce high levels of cell death in Ewing sarcoma cell lines in vitro and to delay growth of Ewing sarcoma xenografts in vivo mouse models .
When phagocytes come into contact with bacteria , the receptors on the phagocyte 's surface will bind to them . This binding will lead to the engulfing of the bacteria by the phagocyte .
Due to its fast speed , Georgette could n't maintain a closed circulation , and the tropical storm degenerated into a non-cyclonic disturbance .
They go on adventures such as going to the hospital which Freak claims has a secret department called the `` Bionics Department '' which has had his brain cat scanned to be fitted into a bionic body .
Kane gives up on training Max to be his obedient assistant and tries to kill him by strangling him , but Freak arrives just in time and saves Max by squirting Kane with a squirt gun in the eye which he claims is filled with sulfuric acid when in fact , it is filled with soap , vinegar , and curry powder .
The upper side of the fore wings is dark brownish-black sometimes having a patch of orange . The hind wing is orange with a broad dark brownish-black band surrounding the orange area completely .
As such , it is located at the roof of the nose , between the two orbits .
The ethmoid bone -LRB- from Greek ethmos , `` sieve '' -RRB- is a bone in the skull that separates the nasal cavity from the brain .
The glans penis -LRB- or simply glans -RRB- is the sensitive bulbous structure at the distal end of the penis . The glans penis is anatomically homologous to the clitoral glans of the female .
The main idea in this theory is that the molecular composition of the lipid bodies is the preliminary way for information storage , and evolution led to the appearance of polymer entities such as RNA or DNA that may store information favorably .
For example , instead of the reductive citric acid cycle , the `` open '' acetyl-CoA pathway -LRB- another one of the five recognized ways of carbon dioxide fixation in nature today -RRB- would be compatible with the idea of self-organisation on a metal sulfide surface .
With a typical volume of 50 - , ramekins are dishes commonly used for serving a variety of dishes such as crÃ me brÃ '' lÃ e , French onion soup , Molten chocolate cake , moimoi , cheese or egg dishes , poi , potted shrimps , ice cream , soufflÃ , baked `` cocottes '' , crumbles , or scallops or used to serve side garnishes and condiments alongside an entree .
Mild niacin deficiency has been shown to slow metabolism , causing decreased tolerance to cold .
It also tends to occur in areas where people eat maize -LRB- corn , the only grain low in niacin -RRB- as a staple food .
It is likely that Oviraptor did have a crest , but its exact size and shape are unknown due to crushing in the skull of the only recognized specimen .
M. tuberculosis , then known as the tubercle bacillus , was first described on 24 March 1882 by Robert Koch , who subsequently received the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for this discovery in 1905 ; the bacterium is also known as Koch 's bacillus .
Hurricane Vince 's impressive organization was very short lived as westerly wind shear began to erode the eye within hours .
A storage area network -LRB- SAN -RRB- is a dedicated storage network that provides access to consolidated , block level storage .
In addition to the absence of jaws , modern agnathans are characterised by absence of paired fins ; the presence of a notochord both in larvae and adults ; and seven or more paired gill pouches .
Hagfish are not members of the subphylum Vertebrata , as hagfish do not have vertebrae ; they are rather classified in the more inclusive group Craniata .
San Andreas is serviced by eleven radio stations ; WCTR -LRB- talk radio -RRB- , Master Sounds 98.3 -LRB- rare groove , playing many of the old funk and soul tracks sampled by 1990s hip-hop artists -RRB- , K-Jah West -LRB- dub and reggae ; modeled after K-Jah from GTA III -RRB- , CSR -LRB- New Jack Swing , Modern Soul -RRB- , Radio X -LRB- alternative rock , metal and grunge -RRB- , Radio Los Santos -LRB- gangsta rap -RRB- , SF-UR -LRB- old school Chicago house music -RRB- , Bounce FM -LRB- funk -RRB- , K-DST -LRB- classic rock -RRB- , K-Rose -LRB- country -RRB- and Playback FM -LRB- classic hip hop -RRB- .
The Horseshoe Falls , which are approximately 2600 f wide , have also changed their shape through the process of erosion ; evolving from a small arch , to a horseshoe bend , to the present day gigantic inverted V. Just upstream from the falls ' current location , Goat Island splits the course of the Niagara River , resulting in the separation of the Canadian Horseshoe Falls to the west from the American and Bridal Veil Falls to the east .
Sixty-nine or 69 , also known by its French name soixante-neuf -LRB- 69 -RRB- , is a group of sex positions in which two people align themselves so that each person 's mouth is near the other 's genitals , simultaneously performing oral sex .
When exposed to antibiotics , most bacteria die quickly , but some may have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible .
Forrest Mars , Sr. , the founder of the Mars Company , got the idea for the confection in the 1930s during the Spanish Civil War when he saw soldiers eating chocolate pellets with a hard shell of tempered chocolate surrounding the inside , preventing the candies from melting .
Thus , alpha particles may be loosely used as a term when referring to stellar helium nuclei reactions -LRB- for example the alpha processes -RRB- , and even when they occur as components of cosmic rays . However , helium nuclei produced by particle accelerators -LRB- cyclotrons , synchrotrons , and the like -RRB- are less likely to be referred to as `` alpha particles '' because the high energies produced by these sources highlights the striking difference in behavior of their particles from the classical alpha particles produced -LRB- and originally defined -RRB- by the process of radioactive alpha decay .
Infants with this disease seem healthy at birth but if left untreated suffer severe brain damage and eventually die .
The Venetian diarist Marino Sanuto , who saw Anne when Henry VIII met Francis I at Calais in October 1532 , described her as `` not one of the handsomest women in the world ; she is of middling stature , swarthy complexion , long neck , wide mouth , bosom not much raised ... eyes , which are black and beautiful '' .
Haines and Shaw completed the album in April and by this time had found a new label for their release â `` Restless Records â `` the L.A. indie record company that promoted such acts as They Might Be Giants , Agent Orange , and The Dead Milkmen .
The album under construction included commercial-friendly uptempo songs such as the title track `` Grow Up and Blow Away '' , `` Raw Sugar '' , and `` Soft Rock Star '' -LRB- distinguished by a vaguely Beatlesque melody , high-pitched singing in the chorus , and lyrics evoking middle school angst -RRB- , downtempo songs like `` White Gold '' , `` The Twist '' , and `` Rock Me Now '' -LRB- which included singing by Shaw , spoken-word vocals by Haines in a manner reminiscent of `` The Mandate '' , and had an overall jazzy vibe -RRB- .
Like some others of its kind Glaucus does not digest the nematocysts ; instead , it uses them to defend itself by passing them from its gut to the surface of its skin .
Michaels used the momentum to take advantage inside the ring , delivering a snapmare and then a low kick to the grounded Austin but as he took time to offend the audience Stone Cold briefly picked up some speed throwing Michaels out of the ring but just as quickly lost ground as his opponent repeatedly worked on Austin 's left knee , throwing it into the ring post and then kicking and dropping onto it back inside the ring .
Hart suffered a cut to the bridge of his nose from a boot to the face , after which Triple H began to work on Hart 's damaged ankle , dropping his knee onto it and stretching it .
Avian influenza virus H3N2 is endemic in pigs in China and has been detected in pigs in Vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains .
Of the 97 recent H3N2 isolates examined , only 41 isolates had strong serologic cross-reactions with antiserum to three commercial SIV vaccines .
Because these symptoms are not specific to swine flu , a differential diagnosis of probable swine flu requires not only symptoms but also a high likelihood of swine flu due to the person 's recent history . For example , during the 2009 swine flu outbreak in the United States , CDC advised physicians to `` consider swine influenza infection in the differential diagnosis of patients with acute febrile respiratory illness who have either been in contact with persons with confirmed swine flu , or who were in one of the five U.S. states that have reported swine flu cases or in Mexico during the 7 days preceding their illness onset . ''
The video is 3 minutes and 51 seconds long , and cuts between shots of the band playing and shots of animals being saved or dying , if not already dead , from various environmental hazards caused by humans .
Behind the mouth is a muscular , sclerotised pharynx , which acts as a pump , sucking the food through the mouth and on into the oesophagus and stomach .
Some of speed metal 's earlier influences include Deep Purple 's `` Fireball '' and Queen 's `` Stone Cold Crazy '' -LRB- which was eventually covered by the thrash metal band Metallica -RRB- , from their 1974 album Sheer Heart Attack , and Deep Purple 's song `` Highway Star '' , from their album Machine Head .
Led Zeppelin 's `` Communication Breakdown '' , first released in January 1969 , could also be said to be an early template for speed metal as mentioned in Mac Randall 's .
The largest group of minerals by far is the silicates -LRB- most rocks are â 95 % silicates -RRB- , which are composed largely of silicon and oxygen , with the addition of ions of aluminium , magnesium , iron , calcium and other metals .
For example , a crystal of sodium chloride -LRB- common salt -RRB- is made up of ionic sodium and chlorine , which are held together by ionic bonds .
Examples of monosaccharides include glucose -LRB- dextrose -RRB- , fructose -LRB- levulose -RRB- , galactose , xylose and ribose .
Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes ; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic , and those bacterial colonies that can grow have successfully taken up and expressed the introduced genetic material .
In May 2004 she performed as part of `` The Big Session '' and sang an adaptation of Love Will Tear Us Apart as a duet with John Jones of The Oyster Band .
Though legally blind because of astigmatism and a subsequent injury to his right eye , Knight pursued his artistic talents with the help of specially-designed glasses , and at the age of twelve , he enrolled at the Metropolitan Art School to become a commercial artist .
In spastic diplegia in humans , GABA absorption becomes impaired by nerves damaged from the condition 's upper motor neuron lesion , which leads to hypertonia of the muscles signaled by those nerves that can no longer absorb GABA .
Their snout morphology is ideally suited for preying on fish . Their long , narrow snouts offer very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water .
The gharial 's lower anterior margin of orbit -LRB- jugal -RRB- is raised and its mandibular symphysis is extremely long , extending to the 23rd or 24th tooth .
Some symptoms are hoarseness , loss of voice , pain in the throat or ears , and breathing difficulties .
Other forms of diabetes mellitus include congenital diabetes , which is due to genetic defects of insulin secretion , cystic fibrosis-related diabetes , steroid diabetes induced by high doses of glucocorticoids , and several forms of monogenic diabetes .
Some cases of diabetes are caused by the body 's tissue receptors not responding to insulin -LRB- even when insulin levels are normal , which is what separates it from type 2 diabetes -RRB- ; this form is very uncommon .
; Greg Welts -LRB- # 3 -RRB- Active : 1997 â `` 1998 Instruments : custom percussion , backing vocals Release contributions : Slipknot demo -LRB- 1998 -RRB- After the departure of Colsefni , Greg Welts was recruited to fill the spot left on percussion and backing vocals .
; James Root -LRB- # 4 -RRB- Active : 1999 â `` present Instruments : guitar Release contributions : all Slipknot releases from Slipknot -LRB- 1999 -RRB- to present Jim Root joined the band in 1999 , near the end of the recording of Slipknot .
; Anders Colsefni Active : 1995 â `` 1997 Instruments : lead vocals , custom percussion , backing vocals , tribal drums Release contributions : Mate .
; Paul Gray -LRB- # 2 -RRB- Active : 1995 â `` 2010 Instruments : bass , backing vocals Release contributions : all Slipknot releases Paul Gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995 .
After attending Canucks training camp and playing in five preseason games , Kesler was cut by the Canucks and sent to their American Hockey League -LRB- AHL -RRB- affiliate , the Manitoba Moose . Kesler began his first professional season with the Moose , but was recalled by the Canucks in November and made his NHL debut on November 24 , 2003 in a 2 â `` 1 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs , recording one shot on goal and 12:12 of ice time .
Apple wood gives off a pleasant scent when burned , and smoke from an apple wood fire gives an excellent flavor to smoked foods .
On the road to Bandon , at the village of BÃ al na mBlÃ th -LRB- Irish , `` the Mouth of Flowers '' -RRB- , Collins ' column stopped to ask directions .
The head of the match consisted of a mixture of potassium chlorate , sulfur , sugar , and rubber .
Sand and soil also harbor E. coli bacteria and some strains of E. coli have become naturalized . Some geographic areas may support unique populations of E. coli and conversely , some E. coli strains are cosmopolitan .
Standardized earthen plumbing pipes with broad flanges making use of asphalt for preventing leakages appeared in the urban settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization by 2700 B.C. Plumbing originated during the ancient civilizations such as the Greek , Roman , Persian , Indian , and Chinese civilizations as they developed public baths and needed to provide potable water , and drainage of wastes .
Some viruses also encode special DNA polymerases , such as Hepatitis B virus DNA polymerase .
Chest pain due to ischemia -LRB- a lack of blood and hence oxygen supply -RRB- of the heart muscle is termed angina pectoris .
For his work on the physiology and pathology of the vestibular apparatus of the ear he received the 1914 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
It has a long shelf-life and a distinctive sour flavor , both of which result from the lactic acid that forms when the bacteria ferment the sugars in the cabbage .
Sauerkraut -LRB- in English ; , -RRB- , directly translated from German : `` sour herb '' or `` sour cabbage '' , is finely shredded cabbage that has been fermented by various lactic acid bacteria , including Leuconostoc , Lactobacillus , and Pediococcus .
The program is based on the Hipparcos Catalogue -LRB- HIP -RRB- and allows users to travel through an extensive universe , modeled after reality , at any speed , in any direction and at any time in history . Celestia displays and interacts with objects ranging in scale from small spacecraft to entire galaxies in three dimensions using OpenGL , from perspectives which would not be possible from a classic planetarium or other ground based display .
Kalasha , also spelled as Kalash and kalasa -LRB- Sanskrit : , kalaÅ a ; literally `` pitcher , pot '' -RRB- , is a metal -LRB- brass , copper , silver or gold -RRB- pot with a large base and small mouth , large enough to hold a coconut .
Generating heated debate , Edward Said devoted a chapter of his book Culture and Imperialism -LRB- 1993 -RRB- to Mansfield Park , arguing that the peripheral position of `` Antigua '' and the issue of slavery demonstrated that colonial oppression was an unspoken assumption of English society during the early 19th century .
Many avian species , especially seabirds , can also excrete salt via specialized nasal salt glands , the saline solution leaving through nostrils in the beak .
Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the external environment , as this compound has high solubility and there is ample water available for dilution .
While the preparation of the assessment reports is a major IPCC function , it also supports other activities , such as the Data Distribution Centre and the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme , required under the UNFCCC .
The QuikSCAT -LRB- Quick Scatterometer -RRB- , an earth-observing satellite , provided estimates of wind speed and direction over the oceans to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and others .
Muscular atrophy decreases quality of life as the sufferer becomes unable to perform certain tasks or worsen the risks of accidents while performing those -LRB- like walking -RRB- .
There are many diseases and conditions which cause a decrease in muscle mass , known as atrophy , including : Dejerine Sottas syndrome -LRB- HSMN Type III -RRB- , inactivity , as seen when a cast is put on a limb , or upon extended bedrest -LRB- which can occur during a prolonged illness -RRB- ; cachexia - which is a `` body-wasting '' syndrome that is a co-morbidity of cancer and Congestive Heart Failure ; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ; burns , liver failure , etc. .
Muscle atrophy results from a co-morbidity of several common diseases , including cancer , AIDS , congestive heart failure , COPD -LRB- chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -RRB- , renal failure , and severe burns ; patients who have `` cachexia '' in these disease settings have a poor prognosis .
Muscular atrophy increases the risks of falling in conditions such as IBM -LRB- inclusion body myositis -RRB- .
Seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate , agar and carrageenan , gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids .
Some of these stories are very popular in German-speaking countries to this day , such as Der kleine Muck -LRB- The Story of Little Muck -RRB- , Kalif Storch -LRB- Caliph Stork -RRB- and Die Geschichte von dem Gespensterschiff -LRB- The Tale of the Ghost Ship -RRB- -- all set in the Orient and Der Zwerg Nase -LRB- Little Longnose -RRB- , Das kalte Herz -LRB- The Cold Heart -RRB- and Das Wirtshaus im Spessart -LRB- The Inn in the Spessart -RRB- , set in Germany .
He extended this work to populations , computing the amount of inbreeding of members of populations as a result of random genetic drift , and he and Fisher pioneered methods for computing the distribution of gene frequencies among populations as a result of the interaction of natural selection , mutation , migration and genetic drift .
It involves measurements of voltage change or electric current on a wide variety of scales from single ion channel proteins to whole organs like the heart .
Electrophysiology -LRB- from Greek , Ä `` lektron , `` amber '' -LRB- see the etymology of `` electron '' -RRB- ; , physis , `` nature , origin '' ; and , - logia -RRB- is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues .
AS became a standard diagnosis in 1992 , when it was included in the tenth edition of the World Health Organization 's diagnostic manual , International Classification of Diseases -LRB- ICD-10 -RRB- ; in 1994 , it was added to the fourth edition of the American Psychiatric Association 's diagnostic reference , Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM-IV -RRB- .
Southern Praying Mantis -LRB- å -- æ 3\/4 è è , which reads in Cantonese as Nam -LRB- south -RRB- Pai -LRB- Clan -RRB- Tong Long , translated as Praying Mantis-where the literal translation means ` King Insect -RRB- is a Chinese martial art native to the Hakka people -LRB- å cents å , in Cantonese read Ha Ka or Ha Ga , a reference to descendants of the Han Dynasty who later migrated south at a time of political unrest -RRB- .
Emergency ambulance work in all NHS bodies and most voluntary and private firms is based on the guidance published by the Joint Royal Colleges of medicine Ambulance Liaison Committee -LRB- JRCALC -RRB- .
The Crusade was prosecuted primarily by the French and promptly took on a political flavor , resulting in not only a significant reduction in the number of practicing Cathars but also a realignment of Occitania , bringing it into the sphere of the French crown and diminishing the distinct regional culture and high level of Aragonese influence .
The middle finger -LRB- also the long finger , and usually the longest finger -RRB- is the third digit of the human hand , located between the index finger and the ring finger .
For example , each human cell has about 1.8 meters of DNA , but wound on the histones it has about 90 millimeters -LRB- ? -RRB- of chromatin , which , when duplicated and condensed during mitosis , result in about 120 micrometers of chromosomes .
Cortisol -LRB- hydrocortisone -RRB- is a steroid hormone , or glucocorticoid , produced by the adrenal gland .
The Elders are to be independently funded by a group of Founders , including Richard Branson , Peter Gabriel , Ray Chambers ; Michael Chambers ; Bridgeway Foundation ; Pam Omidyar , Humanity United ; Amy Robbins ; Shashi Ruia , Dick Tarlow ; and The United Nations Foundation .
We might look at other graphs , in a progression from cat to mammal to animal , and see that animal is more abstract than mammal ; but on the other hand mammal is a harder idea to express , certainly in relation to marsupial or monotreme .
The Romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; Paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .
Looks of stress are represented by the likes of -LRB- x_x -RRB- while -LRB- - _ - ; -RRB- is a generic emote for nervousness , the semicolon indicating sweat that occurs during anxiety .
Said Pasha invited de Lesseps to pay him a visit , and on 7 November 1854 he landed at Alexandria ; on the 30th of the same month Said Pasha signed the concession authorizing him to build the Suez Canal .
Although only a modest first step , Riluzole offers hope that the progression of ALS may one day be slowed by new medications or a combination of drugs .
Riluzole does not reverse the damage already done to motor neurons , and patients taking the drug must be monitored for liver damage -LRB- occurring in ~ 10 % of patients taking the drug -RRB- and other possible side effects .
During cycles of global cooling , such as the most recent ice age , enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the Arctic and Antarctic that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea-floors that have subsequently re-flooded .
It consists of roughly chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry .
Karyotypes can be used for many purposes ; such as , to study chromosomal aberrations , cellular function , taxonomic relationships , and to gather information about past evolutionary events .
The chromosomes are depicted -LRB- by rearranging a microphotograph -RRB- in a standard format known as a karyogram or idiogram : in pairs , ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size .
Evolutionary developmental biology -LRB- evolution of development or informally , evo-devo -RRB- is a field of biology that compares the developmental processes of different organisms to determine the ancestral relationship between them , and to discover how developmental processes evolved . It addresses the origin and evolution of embryonic development ; how modifications of development and developmental processes lead to the production of novel features , such as the evolution of feathers ; the role of developmental plasticity in evolution ; how ecology impacts in development and evolutionary change ; and the developmental basis of homoplasy and homology .
In the Western world , examples of generally accepted finger food are miniature beef pies , sausage rolls , sausages on sticks , cheese and olives on sticks , chicken drumsticks or wings , spring rolls , miniature quiches , samosas , sandwiches or other such based foods , such as pitas or items in buns , onion bhajis , potato wedges , vol au vents , several other such small items and risotto balls -LRB- arancini -RRB- .
Biricodar -LRB- INN , codename VX-170 , marketed as the dicitrate salt under the trade name Incel -RRB- is a pharmaceutical drug released by Vertex Pharmaceuticals in 1999 to help treat ovarian cancer patients .
Griffith concluded that the type II-R had been `` transformed '' into the lethal III-S strain by a `` transforming principle '' that was somehow part of the dead III-S strain bacteria .
Sokka and Toph are separated from Suki and attack another airship , but Sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm grabbing hold of Toph , who was falling off the ship .
As a chemist , Michael Faraday discovered benzene , investigated the clathrate hydrate of chlorine , invented an early form of the Bunsen burner and the system of oxidation numbers , and popularized terminology such as anode , cathode , electrode , and ion .
Each pixel of an LCD typically consists of a layer of molecules aligned between two transparent electrodes , and two polarizing filters , the axes of transmission of which are -LRB- in most of the cases -RRB- perpendicular to each other .
Because of this , these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage -LRB- the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state -RRB- .
Both nalorphine and naloxone are full antagonists and will treat an opioid overdose , but naltrexone is longer-acting than naloxone -LRB- although neither is an irreversible antagonist like naloxazone -RRB- , making naloxone a better emergency antidote .
Normally , water that has accrued in a drainage basin eventually flows out through rivers or streams on Earth 's surface or by underground diffusion through permeable rock , ultimately ending up in the oceans . However , in an endorheic basin , rain -LRB- or other precipitation -RRB- that falls within it does not flow out but may only leave the drainage system by evaporation and seepage .
Soloists sing the words of various characters , also in recitative ; in addition to Jesus , there are named parts for Judas , Peter , two high priests , Pontius Pilate , Pilate 's wife , two witnesses and two ancillae -LRB- maids -RRB- .
The Fallopian tubes , named after Gabriele Falloppio , also known as oviducts , uterine tubes , and salpinges -LRB- singular salpinx -RRB- are two very fine tubes lined with ciliated epithelia , leading from the ovaries of female mammals into the uterus , via the utero-tubal junction .
In mammals , there are two broad types of stem cells : embryonic stem cells that are isolated from the inner cell mass of blastocysts , and adult stem cells that are found in various tissues .
Stem cells can now be artificially grown and transformed into specialized cell types with characteristics consistent with cells of various tissues such as muscles or nerves through cell culture .
When the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly .
Thermometers are used in the production of candy . Medical thermometers such as mercury-in-glass thermometers , infrared thermometers , pill thermometers , and liquid crystal thermometers are used within health care to determine if individuals have a fever or are hypothermic .
The scales around the ears , lips , chin , and soles of the feet may have three or more sensory plaques .
In 1772 Jean-Andr Ã Deluc studied the several substances then used in thermometers in the light of new theories of heat and came to the conclusion that mercurial thermometers were the best for practical use ; for example , if two equal amounts of water at x and y degrees were mixed , the temperature of the result was then the average of x and y degrees , and this relationship only held reliably when mercury was used .
Cone cells , or cones , are photoreceptor cells in the retina of the eye that are responsible for color vision ; they function best in relatively bright light , as opposed to rod cells that work better in dim light .
It is served either filled or covered with sweetened mung bean paste , red bean paste , mashed red beans , raisins , a sweetened filling made with sesame seeds , sweet pumpkin , beans , jujubes , pine nuts , and\/or honey -RRB- .
The unguis is the harder external layer , which consists of keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an oblique angle .
News Corporation 's Digital Media Group -LRB- NDM -RRB- , also known as News Corp. . Digital Media and formerly Fox Interactive Media , oversees the Internet business operations of media giant News Corporation , and was formed to oversee News Corporation 's new media acquisitions , including IGN Entertainment , MySpace and Photobucket .
Potential amulets include gems , especially engraved gems , statues , coins , drawings , pendants , rings , plants and animals ; even words said in certain occasionsâ '' for example : vade retro satanaâ '' -LRB- Latin , `` go back , Satan '' -RRB- , to repel evil or bad luck .
On the anterior side of the head are the maxilla and lower mandible for the mouth , a pair of nostrils , and two lidless eyes .
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which struck the Canary Islands as a strong extratropical storm causing significant damage and then crossed over Morocco with little impact there .
There are few exceptions , such as when the mother is taking certain drugs or is infected with human T-lymphotropic virus , HIV , or has active untreated tuberculosis .
The main endocrine glands include the pituitary gland , pancreas , ovaries , testes , thyroid gland , and adrenal glands .
Groove is the sense of propulsive rhythmic `` feel '' or sense of `` swing '' created by the interaction of the music played by a band 's rhythm section -LRB- drums , electric bass or double bass , guitar , and keyboards -RRB- .
Pole vaulting is a track and field event in which a person uses a long , flexible pole -LRB- which today is usually made either of fiberglass or carbon fiber -RRB- as an aid to leap over a bar .
As the infection progresses , muscle spasms develop in the jaw -LRB- thus the name `` lockjaw '' -RRB- and elsewhere in the body .
Tantalite -LRB- Fe , Mn -RRB- Ta2O6 is the most important mineral for tantalum extraction . Tantalite has the same mineral structure as columbite -LRB- Fe , Mn -RRB- -LRB- Ta , Nb -RRB- 2O6 ; when there is more Ta than Nb it is called tantalite and when there is more Nb than Ta is it called columbite -LRB- or niobite -RRB- .
In the presence of oxygen , facultative anaerobes use aerobic respiration ; without oxygen some of them ferment , some use anaerobic respiration .
Nearly all algae have photosynthetic machinery ultimately derived from the Cyanobacteria , and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis , unlike other photosynthetic bacteria such as purple and green sulfur bacteria .
Algae lack the various structures that characterize land plants , such as phyllids -LRB- leaves -RRB- and rhizoids in nonvascular plants , or leaves , roots , and other organs that are found in tracheophytes -LRB- vascular plants -RRB- .
An adam 's apple or laryngeal prominence is a protrusion in the front of the throat .
Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals , reptiles , birds , and other vertebrates .
Red-necked Wallabies are distinguished by their black nose and paws , white stripe on the upper lip , and grizzled medium gray coat with a reddish wash across the shoulders .
The expanding spongy tissue presses against a surrounding dense tissue -LRB- tunica albuginea -RRB- constricting these veins , preventing blood from leaving .
Ice cubes are also produced commercially and sold in bulk ; these ice cubes , despite their name , are often cylindrical , and may have holes through the center .
The color and rich taste of the milk can be attributed to the high oil content and sugars .
Adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis , renal toxicity , and seizures .
Tropical Storm Barbara in June caused $ 55 million -LRB- 2007 USD -RRB- in crop damage in southeastern Mexico from heavy precipitation .
At a cellular level , there appear to be two main `` designs '' of eyes , one possessed by the protostomes -LRB- molluscs , annelid worms and arthropods -RRB- , the other by the deuterostomes -LRB- chordates and echinoderms -RRB- .
The human ear can recognize single sine waves as sounding clear because sine waves are representations of a single frequency with no harmonics ; some sounds that approximate a pure sine wave are whistling , a crystal glass set to vibrate by running a wet finger around its rim , and the sound made by a tuning fork .
DÃ 1\/4 rer also appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities , and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns , a piece of coral , some large fish fins , and a wooden weapon from the East Indies .
The Arctic is home to millions of seals , which become prey when they surface in holes in the ice in order to breathe , or when they haul out on the ice to rest . Polar bears hunt primarily at the interface between ice , water , and air ; they only rarely catch seals on land or in open water .
Pugs can suffer from necrotizing meningoencephalitis -LRB- NME -RRB- , also known as pug dog encephalitis -LRB- PDE -RRB- , an inflammation of the brain and meninges , that also occurs in other small-breed dogs , such as the Maltese and Chihuahua .
The cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx , where it can be swallowed .
The vomeronasal organ is located at the back of the septum and has a role in pheromone detection .
In the viviparous animals -LRB- which include humans and all other placental mammals -RRB- , the ovum is fertilized inside the female body , and the embryo then develops inside the uterus , receiving nutrition directly from the mother .
Cold deserts can be covered in snow or ice ; frozen water unavailable to plant life .
Skippers also have generally stockier bodies and larger compound eyes than the other two groups , with stronger wing muscles in the plump thorax , in this resembling many `` moths '' more than the other two butterfly lineages do .
Like other gliding mammals , the Feathertail Glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs , thicker than that of the other marsupials like the Sugar Glider , but smaller in proportion , extending only between the elbows and knees .
Leptospirosis -LRB- also known as Weil 's disease , Weil 's syndrome , canicola fever , canefield fever , nanukayami fever , 7-day fever , Rat Catcher 's Yellows , Fort Bragg fever , and Pretibial fever -RRB- is a bacterial zoonotic disease caused by spirochaetes of the genus Leptospira that affects humans and a wide range of animals , including mammals , birds , amphibians , and reptiles .
The disease was first described by Adolf Weil in 1886 when he reported an `` acute infectious disease with enlargement of spleen , jaundice and nephritis '' .
A pop icon of the `` swinging London '' era of the 1960s , she has won the Academy Award , Golden Globe , BAFTA , and Screen Actors Guild Awards .
A 2003 study found that regular use of chopsticks by the elderly may slightly increase the risk of osteoarthritis in the hand , a condition in which cartilage is worn out , leading to pain and swelling in the hand joints .
It is primarily used together with a BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel fitted through a drilled rubber bung or an elastomer adapter -LRB- a BÃ 1\/4 chner ring -RRB- at the neck on top of the flask for filtration of samples . The BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel holds the sample isolated from the suction by a layer of filter paper .
He said his riding was never the same after the injuries . He frequently adjusted his saddle while riding - including coming down the col de la Faucille on the way to Divonne-les-Bains - and was often in pain , especially while climbing .
He noticed that the dogs tended to salivate before food was actually delivered to their mouths , and set out to investigate this `` psychic secretion '' , as he called it .
Golgi , together with Santiago RamÃ n y Cajal , received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1906 for his studies of the structure of the nervous system .
Real growth was not possible , however , until they stopped relying on small invertebrates as their main food source and started to eat plants or other vertebrates , or returned to the water .
He further argued that , as humans develop , they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of developmentâ '' first in the oral stage -LRB- exemplified by an infant 's pleasure in nursing -RRB- , then in the anal stage -LRB- exemplified by a toddler 's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels -RRB- , then in the phallic stage .
The yellow fever mosquito , Aedes aegypti -LRB- = Stegomyia aegypti , = Aedes -LRB- Stegomyia -RRB- aegypti -RRB- , is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever , Chikungunya and yellow fever viruses , and other diseases .
At standard temperature and pressures beryllium resists oxidation when exposed to air -LRB- its ability to scratch glass is due to the formation of a thin layer of the hard oxide BeO -RRB- .
Caught prey can be felt by owls with the use of filoplumes â '' small hair-like feathers on the beak and feet that act as `` feelers '' .
The process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water is called carbonation .
Carbonated water -LRB- also known as club soda , soda water , sparkling water , seltzer , or fizzy water -RRB- is water into which carbon dioxide gas under pressure has been dissolved , a process that causes the water to become effervescent .
The term prostatitis refers , in its strictest sense , to histological -LRB- microscopic -RRB- inflammation of the tissue of the prostate gland .
The illness can cause severe pneumonia and infections of the urinary tract , bloodstream and other parts of the body .
The type of diabetes a patient has is determined only by the causeâ '' fundamentally by whether the patient is insulin resistant -LRB- type 2 -RRB- or insulin deficient without insulin resistance -LRB- type 1 -RRB- .
Arnold had an Indian messenger sent into the camp of British Brigadier General Barry St. Leger with news that the approaching force was much larger and closer than it actually was ; this convinced St. Leger 's Indian support to abandon him , forcing him to give up the effort .
Eukaryotic aerobic respiration produces approximately 34 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule , however most of these are produced by a vastly different mechanism to the substrate-level phosphorylation in glycolysis .
Ventricular fibrillation -LRB- V-fib or VF -RRB- is a condition in which there is uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of the ventricles in the heart , making them quiver rather than contract properly .
The first ice pop was created by accident in 1905 when 11-year-old Frank Epperson left a mixture of powdered soda , water , and a stirring stick in a cup on his porch in cold weather .
Curds are a dairy product obtained by curdling -LRB- coagulating -RRB- milk with rennet or an edible acidic substance such as lemon juice or vinegar , and then draining off the liquid portion -LRB- called whey -RRB- .
The powder contains powdered gelatin and flavorings including sugar or artificial sweeteners .
Hydra has a pedal disc composed of gland cells that helps it attach to substrates , and like all cnidarians uses nematocysts , or `` stinging cells , '' to disable its prey .
In addition to DNA polymerase , the enzyme that synthesizes the new DNA by adding nucleotides matched to the template strand , a number of other proteins are associated with the fork and assist in the initiation and continuation of DNA synthesis .
Ketosis is a state of the organism characterised by elevated levels of ketone bodies in the blood , by the process of ketogenesis . Ketone bodies are formed when the liver glycogen stores are depleted .
Various theories had been proposed to explain the ancestry of the `` segnosaurids , '' with some scientists even suggesting they were descendants of the sauropodomorphs - but new , well-preserved finds such as Alxasaurus in 1993 and Beipiaosaurus in 1996 provided details about the bird-like pelvis , feet and skulls of primitive members , and helped confirm that segnosaurids belonged to the same group of theropod dinosaurs as Therizinosaurus -LRB- and were therefore re-named therizinosaurids -RRB- , and that therizinosaurs were , more specifically , advanced , herbivorous maniraptoran theropods .
A variety of zinc compounds are commonly used , such as zinc carbonate and zinc gluconate -LRB- as dietary supplements -RRB- , zinc chloride -LRB- in deodorants -RRB- , zinc pyrithione -LRB- anti-dandruff shampoos -RRB- , zinc sulfide -LRB- in luminescent paints -RRB- , and zinc methyl or zinc diethyl in the organic laboratory .
The zinc core is coated with a thin layer of copper to give the impression of a copper coin .
While plants are generally a good source of vitamin C , the amount in foods of plant origin depends on the precise variety of the plant , soil condition , climate where it grew , length of time since it was picked , storage conditions , and method of preparation .
It is also a cofactor in at least eight enzymatic reactions , including several collagen synthesis reactions that cause the most severe symptoms of scurvy when they are dysfunctional .
They jump on its neck and slash with their retractable toe claws , killing their prey .
Energetics is the pseudo-scientific study of energy under transformation . Because energy flows at all scales , from the quantum level to the biosphere and cosmos , energetics is a very broad discipline , encompassing for example thermodynamics , chemistry , biological energetics , biochemistry and ecological energetics .
One Himalayan specialty is the momo , a dumpling stuffed with vegetables , cottage cheese or minced yak meat , beef or pork and flavored with Sichuan pepper , garlic , ginger and onion .
However , women with hirsutism may develop a beard . When differentiating between upper and lower facial hair , a beard specifically excludes the moustache , which refers to hair above the upper lip and around it .
It is possible to run FreeNAS from a Live CD , with the configuration files stored on an MS-DOS-formatted floppy disk or USB thumb drive .
Introns are found in the genes of most organisms and many viruses , and can be located in a wide range of genes , including those that generate proteins , ribosomal RNA -LRB- rRNA -RRB- , and transfer RNA -LRB- tRNA -RRB- .
As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed , the flames had burned away his immortality and healed the wound .
To achieve the diversity of antibodies needed to protect against any type of antigen , the immune system would require millions of genes coding for different antibodies , if each antibody was encoded by one gene .
Dirt and sweat from a person 's neck and wrists would stick to the starch rather than to the fibers of the clothing , and would easily wash away along with the starch .
It is often a moist , sweet , cake-like quick bread ; however , there are some banana bread recipes that are traditional-style yeast breads .
Pheasants are characterised by strong sexual dimorphism , males being highly ornate with bright colors and adornments such as wattles and long tails . Males are usually larger than females and have longer tails .
Also faring well were the album 's other three singles , `` Give It All '' -LRB- # 37 -RRB- and `` Life Less Frightening '' -LRB- # 33 -RRB- and `` Paper Wings '' .
While the album was commercially successful , Siren Song of the Counter Culture is not Rise Against 's highest charting album on the Billboard 200 , peaking only at # 136 ; subsequent albums The Sufferer & The Witness and Appeal to Reason both charted higher , peaking at # 10 and # 3 respectively .
As Simon Callow once said : `` Gambon 's iron lungs and overwhelming charisma are able to command a sort of operatic full-throatedness which triumphs over hard walls and long distances '' .
It was created in 1934 by A.W. Leo , Tom Yates , Ralph Harrison as an ice cream topping in a converted garage in Fullerton , Calif. ; customers later discovered that it made an appealing drink when mixed with water .
Cool waters caused the hurricane to weaken to a tropical storm on September 4 , and Howard degenerated into a remnant low on September 5 .
Addition of water to a burning hydrocarbon such as oil or wax produces a deflagration .
It struck Galveston and Houston , Texas directly , causing $ 2.6 billion USD -LRB- $ 5.27 billion 2006 USD -RRB- in damage and killing 21 people ; this made it the worst Texas hurricane since Hurricane Carla -LRB- 1961 season -RRB- , and Texas ' first billion-dollar storm .
Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide .
Chlamydia infection is one of the most common sexually transmitted infections worldwide ; it is estimated that about 1 million individuals in the United States are infected with chlamydia .
Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma was once the most important cause of blindness worldwide , but its role diminished from 15 % of blindness cases by trachoma in 1995 to 3.6 % in 2002 .
However , in response to the Elixir Sulfanilamide disaster of 1937 in which the eponymous drug killed more than 100 users , the U.S. congress passed laws that required safety testing of drugs on animals before they could be marketed .
He was primarily active in Northern Europe , especially the Netherlands and Germany , where a number of his instruments survive to the present day ; his organs can also be found as far away as Portugal and Brazil .
Its clear aqueous solution is guaranteed to be free of carbonate , unlike those of sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide , as barium carbonate is insoluble in water .
The bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa has no invasive powers , but causes secondary infections in weakened insects .
`` Cluster '' refers to the tendency of these headaches to occur periodically , with active periods interrupted by spontaneous remissions .
After infection with the disease , the body -LRB- usually -RRB- gains the ability of recognizing the similar smallpox virus from its antigens and so is able to fight the smallpox disease much more efficiently .
Symptoms of infection with cowpox virus in humans are localized , pustular lesions generally found on the hands and limited to the site of introduction .
The cowpox virus was used to perform the first successful vaccination against a disease , smallpox , which is caused by the related Variola virus .
This is believed to be due to its proximity to land and colds waters being brought up due to Henriette 's slow movement .
The remnants of Henriette caused flash floods and surface water 8 -- 12 inches -LRB- 20 -- 30 cm -RRB- deep which covered roads with depths up to 1.5 inches -LRB- 4 cm -RRB- in the U.S. States of New Mexico and Texas .
Their blue blood 's hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen more efficiently than in other cephalopods -LRB- Seibel et al . 1999 -RRB- , aided by gills with especially large surface area .
The smaller animals frequent much deeper waters , perhaps feeding on marine snow -LRB- falling organic detritus -RRB- .
In a threat response called `` pumpkin '' or `` pineapple posture '' , the Vampire Squid inverts its caped arms back over the body , presenting an ostensibly larger form covered in fearsome-looking though harmless spines -LRB- called cirri -RRB- The underside of the cape is heavily pigmented , masking most of the body 's photophores .
A recent study showed that in one case a needle biopsy of a liver tumor resulted in spread of the cancer along the path of the needle , and concluded that needle aspiration was dangerous and unnecessary .
A frame process can create multiple tab processes , each of which can be of a different integrity level ; each tab process can host multiple web sites .
The Windows help and support system will also not function due to the heavy reliance on HTML help files and components of IE .
The nostrils and the mouth are at the distal end of the snout ; the mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 m. The body of the Short-beaked Echidna is , with the exception of the underside , face and legs , covered with cream-coloured spines .
By contraction of various parts of the panniculus carnosus , the Short-beaked Echidna can change shape , the most characteristic shape change being achieved by rolling itself into a ball when threatened , so protecting its belly and presenting a defensive array of sharp spines .
When the tongue is retracted , the prey is caught on backward-facing keratinous `` teeth '' , located along the roof of the buccal cavity , allowing the animal both to capture and grind food .
Protrusion of the tongue is achieved by contracting circular muscles that change the shape of the tongue and force it forwards and contracting two genioglossal muscles attached to the caudal end of the tongue and to the mandible .
Insulation is provided by fur between the spines , which ranges in color from honey to a dark reddish-brown and even black ; the underside and short tail are also covered in fur .
Transformation did not become routine procedure in laboratories until 1972 when Stanley Cohen , Annie Chang and Leslie Hsu successfully transformed Escherichia coli by treating the bacteria with calcium chloride .
By removing the genes in the plasmid that caused the cancer and adding in novel genes researchers were able to infect plants with A. tumefaciens and let the bacteria insert their chosen DNA into the genomes of the plants .
Rete tubular ectasia is a disorder of the rete testis in which many benign cysts are present .
Parliamentary systems usually have a clear differentiation between the head of government and the head of state , with the head of government being the prime minister or premier , and the head of state often being a figurehead , usually either a president -LRB- elected either popularly or by the parliament , a Parliamentary republic -RRB- or a hereditary monarch -LRB- or representative thereof such as a Governor-General -RRB- , often seen in a constitutional monarchy .
With a film and television career spanning from the late 1970s , Fox 's roles have included Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy -LRB- 1985 â `` 1990 -RRB- ; Alex P. Keaton from Family Ties -LRB- 1982-1989 -RRB- for which he won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award ; and Mike Flaherty from Spin City -LRB- 1996 â `` 2000 -RRB- , for which he won an Emmy , three Golden Globes , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards .
Many of the genes involved in color vision are on the X chromosome , making color blindness more common in males than in females because males have only one X chromosome , while females have two .
A commonly held belief , even among nutritionists , is that complex carbohydrates -LRB- polysaccharides , e.g. starches -RRB- are digested more slowly than simple carbohydrates -LRB- sugars -RRB- and thus are healthier .
The core may be composed of solid and liquid layers , while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be completely solid as they lack an internally generated magnetic field .
The term `` belly dancing '' is generally credited to Sol Bloom , entertainment director of the 1893 World 's Fair , the World Columbian Exposition in Chicago , although he consistently referred to the dance as `` danse du ventre , '' of which `` belly dance '' is a literal translation . In his memoirs , Bloom states only that `` when the public learned ... danse du ventre ... I had a gold mine . ''
Beriberi is a nervous system ailment caused by a thiamine deficiency -LRB- deficiency of vitamin B1 -RRB- in the diet .
Thiamine is involved in the breakdown of energy molecules such as glucose and is also found on the membranes of neurons .
It possesses a strong ammonium smell , and on digestion with alcohol the carbonate is dissolved and a residue of ammonium bicarbonate is left ; a similar decomposition taking place when the polycarbonate is exposed to air .
In traditional Chinese medicines , the herb mÃ huÃ ng -LRB- é '' é '' , Ephedra sinica -RRB- contains ephedrine and pseudoephedrine as its principal active constituents .
Patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer typically have a poor prognosis , partly because the cancer usually causes no symptoms early on , leading to locally advanced or metastatic disease at time of diagnosis .
Sir Peter Brian Medawar OM CBE FRS -LRB- 28 February 1915 -- 2 October 1987 -RRB- was a British biologist , whose work on graft rejection and the discovery of acquired immune tolerance was fundamental to the practice of tissue and organ transplants .
In colloquial American English , the word `` bandage '' is often used to mean a dressing , which is used directly on a wound , whereas a bandage is technically only used to support a dressing , and not directly on a wound .
Messenger RNA -LRB- mRNA -RRB- is the RNA that carries information from DNA to the ribosome , the sites of protein synthesis -LRB- translation -RRB- in the cell .
The mRNA is then exported from the nucleus to the cytoplasm , where it is bound to ribosomes and translated into its corresponding protein form with the help of tRNA . In prokaryotic cells , which do not have nucleus and cytoplasm compartments , mRNA can bind to ribosomes while it is being transcribed from DNA .
Liquid crystals -LRB- LCs -RRB- are a state of matter that have properties between those of a conventional liquid and those of a solid crystal .
Drizzle is a light rain precipitation consisting of liquid water drops smaller than those of rain , and generally smaller than 0.5 mm -LRB- 0.02 in . -RRB-
In addition , about 83 sq . miles -LRB- 215 kmÂ -RRB- of crop lands were impacted .
She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills , after years of suffering from what she had claimed to be a very rare and painful photo allergy induced by an earlier penicillin treatment that had forced her to avoid practically all sunlight for years .
This is the result of fermentation , where lactic acid bacteria ferment the lactose in the milk into lactic acid .
In the gastrointestinal and respiratory tract , movement due to peristalsis or cilia helps removing infectious agents .
Some of the many different kinds of edible vegetable oils include : olive oil , palm oil , soybean oil , canola oil , pumpkin seed oil , corn oil , sunflower oil , safflower oil , peanut oil , grape seed oil , sesame oil , argan oil and rice bran oil .
Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg , known universally as Paul von Hindenburg -LRB- ; 2 October 1847 â `` 2 August 1934 -RRB- was a German field marshal , statesman , and politician , and served as the second President of Germany from 1925 to 1934 .
Milk and sugar are added to make white chocolate , but most of it is used to produce milk chocolate , some of which contains more cocoa butter than chocolate liquor .
A Scanner Darkly -LRB- 1977 -RRB- is a bleak mixture of science fiction and police procedural novels ; in its story , an undercover narcotics police detective begins to lose touch with reality after falling victim to the same permanently mind altering drug , Substance D , he was enlisted to help fight .
In the US , practical research into using rabbit fever as a bioweapon took place in 1954 at Pine Bluff Arsenal , Arkansas , an extension of the Camp Detrick program .
Tularemia -LRB- also known as Pahvant Valley plague , rabbit fever , deer fly fever , Ohara 's fever -RRB- is a serious infectious disease caused by the bacterium Francisella tularensis .
The best way to prevent tularemia infection is to wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning lagomorphs -LRB- such as rabbits -RRB- , avoid ingesting uncooked wild game and untreated water sources , wear long-sleeved clothes , and use an insect repellent to prevent tick bites .
The term `` fiber '' is something of a misnomer , since many types of so-called dietary fiber are not fibers at all . Food sources of dietary fiber are often divided according to whether they provide -LRB- predominantly -RRB- soluble or insoluble fiber .
Chloroform was reported in 1831 by the French chemist EugÃ ne Soubeiran , who prepared it from acetone -LRB- 2-propanone -RRB- as well as ethanol through the action of chlorine bleach powder -LRB- calcium hypochlorite -RRB- .
Atherosclerosis is the most common cause of stenosis -LRB- narrowing of the blood vessels -RRB- of the heart 's arteries and , hence , angina pectoris .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : German anti-smoking ad . jpeg thumb right 300px A Nazi anti-smoking ad titled `` The chain-smoker '' saying `` He does not devour it -LRB- the cigarette -RRB- , it devours him '' -RRB- -RRB- After German doctors became the first to identify the link between smoking and lung cancer , Nazi Germany initiated a strong anti-tobacco movement and led the first public anti-smoking campaign in modern history .
The link between lung cancer and tobacco was first proven in Nazi Germany , contrary to the popular belief that American and British scientists first discovered it in the 1950s .
On the Oxygen revival , the contestant earned $ 200 for each stumped panelist , and stumping the entire panel earned a total of $ 1,000 for the challenger .
The combined oral contraceptive pill -LRB- COCP -RRB- , often referred to as the birth-control pill or simply `` the Pill '' , is a birth control method that includes a combination of an estrogen -LRB- estrogen -RRB- and a progestin -LRB- progestogen -RRB- .
In addition cautions are given about broad spectrum antibiotics , such as ampicillin and doxycycline , which may cause problems `` by impairing the bacterial flora responsible for recycling ethinylestradiol from the large bowel '' -LRB- BNF 2003 -RRB- .
Gruber falls backwards through a window , still hanging onto Holly by her watch , and attempts to drag her along with him , but McClane is able to unclasp Holly 's watch in time and catch her while Gruber falls 32 stories to his death .
Oncology -LRB- from the Ancient Greek onkos -LRB- á 1\/2 Î Î Î Ï -RRB- , meaning bulk , mass , or tumor , and the suffix - logy -LRB- - Î '' Î Î Î Î -RRB- , meaning `` study of '' -RRB- is a branch of medicine that deals with tumors -LRB- cancer -RRB- .
This was made possible by the evolution of locking knees and a different location of the foramen magnum -LRB- the hole in the skull where the spine enters -RRB- .
These adapted traits are a very small component of the Homo sapiens genome , but include various characteristics such as skin color and nose form , in addition to internal characteristics such as the ability to breathe more efficiently at high altitudes .
In the early Pleistocene , 1.5 â `` 1 Ma , in Africa , Asia , and Europe , some populations of Homo habilis are thought to have evolved larger brains and made more elaborate stone tools ; these differences and others are sufficient for anthropologists to classify them as a new species , Homo erectus .
It often involves humorous or bizarre characters and situations and also includes an assortment of supernatural beings , such as bodhisattva , kami -LRB- gods and revered spirits -RRB- , yÅ kai -LRB- monster-spirits -RRB- -LRB- such as oni , kappa , and tengu -RRB- , yÅ `` rei -LRB- ghosts -RRB- , dragons , and animals with supernatural powers such as the kitsune -LRB- fox -RRB- , tanuki -LRB- raccoon dog -RRB- , mujina -LRB- badger -RRB- , bakeneko -LRB- transforming cat -RRB- , and baku -LRB- tapir -RRB- , as well as sacred objects and possessed objects .
In ancient Roman times , this name was applied to several types of stone that would create sparks when struck against steel ; Pliny the Elder described one of them as being brassy , almost certainly a reference to what we now call pyrite .
Long downy feathers covered almost the entire head and neck , torso , upper legs , and the first half of the tail .
The hind wings of Anchiornis were also shorter than those of Microraptor , and were made up of 12 â `` 13 flight feathers anchored to the tibia -LRB- lower leg -RRB- and 10 â `` 11 to the metatarsus -LRB- upper foot -RRB- .
Also unlike Microraptor , the hind wing feathers were longest closer to the body , with the foot feathers being short and directed downward , almost perpendicular to the foot bones .
Because the clientâ `` server design allows for a centralized Mibbit client server , Mibbit is able to offer extended functionality which is not present in the standard IRC protocol . Some of these extensions include a channel chat buffer that can be shown to Mibbit clients when they join a channel where another Mibbit user is already present , a notification for other Mibbit users that you are typing a message to them , and distinctive icons that allow identification of the device used with Mibbit such as an iPhone , iPod Touch , Wii , etc.
From opium and poppy straw are extracted alkaloids such as morphine , thebaine , codeine and oripavine .
Sunscreen , also commonly known as sun block , sun lotion or sun cream , is a lotion , spray , gel or other topical product that absorbs or reflects some of the sun 's ultraviolet -LRB- UV -RRB- radiation on the skin exposed to sunlight and thus helps protect against sunburn . Skin lightening products have sunscreen to protect lightened skin because light skin is more susceptible to sun damage than darker skin .
The San Jose Earthquakes professional soccer team is located in the San Jose , California suburb of Santa Clara , and participates in Major League Soccer -LRB- MLS -RRB- , the top level soccer league in the United States and Canada .
Dialysis may be used for those with an acute disturbance in kidney function -LRB- acute kidney injury , previously acute renal failure -RRB- or for those with progressive but chronically worsening kidney functionâ `` a state known as chronic kidney disease stage 5 -LRB- previously chronic renal failure or end-stage kidney disease -RRB- .
, a reference to the body tremors that are a classic symptom of the disease ; it is also known among the Fore as the laughing sickness due to the pathologic bursts of laughter people would display when afflicted with the disease .
Metarterioles provide direct communication between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the bloodflow through the capillaries .
Blood flows from the heart to the arteries , which branch and narrow into the arterioles , and then branch further still into the capillaries .
The mouth of newly born metatherians is fused laterally , but open medially ; this forms an `` O '' shaped mouth in which the mothers nipple fits , then swells to secure the offspring into place for further development and growth .
The next match was a Fatal Four-Way tag match between the teams of Rob Van Dam and Booker T , Garrison Cade and Mark Jindrak , The Dudley Boyz -LRB- Bubba Ray and D-Von -RRB- and La RÃ sistance -LRB- RenÃ DuprÃ e and Rob Conway -RRB- for the World Tag Team Championship , held by Van Dam and Booker T. The match saw quick action between all four teams , and ended when Conway was pinned by Van Dam after Booker T used his signature Scissor kick on him , which was then followed by Van Dam 's signature dive from the top rope , the Five-Star Frog Splash , leading to the two retaining their title .
Percy soon learns that Luke had used the entrance and will lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of camp .
Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against predators are neurotoxins .
The transformation of an analog signal to digital information via an analog-to-digital converter is called sampling .
Chrome will typically allocate each tab to fit into its own process to `` prevent malware from installing itself '' and prevent what happens in one tab from affecting what happens in another ; however , the actual process-allocation model is more complex .
The dates derived suggest the main mechanism for extinction was human burning of a landscape that was then much less fire-adapted ; analysis of oxygen and carbon isotopes from teeth of megafauna indicate sudden , drastic , non-climate-related changes in vegetation and the diet of surviving marsupial species , as well as the loss of megafaunal species .
Synesthesia is also sometimes reported by individuals under the influence of psychedelic drugs , after a stroke , during a temporal lobe epilepsy seizure , or as a result of blindness or deafness .
The band consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Alexander Gaskarth , lead guitarist and backing vocalist Jack Barakat , bassist and back vocalist Zachary Merrick , and drummer Rian Dawson .
The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in the â Primordial Strataâ was noted as early as the mid 19th century , and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection .
The music video to the song was filmed in the relatively brief period when bassist Paul `` Guigsy '' McGuigan quit the band due to nervous exhaustion ; Scott McLeod came in to replace him .
In 1662 , at the age of 39 , Koxinga died of malaria , although speculations said that he died in a sudden fit of madness upon hearing that his father was executed by the Qing government in Beijing .
Due to this growth , in 2005 , Schoep 's opened a $ 7 million , 46000 s distribution center on Manufacturers Drive , near the Dane County Regional Airport .
Robert gave particular attention to solid foundations , running a continuous wall of layered bricks , flints and mortar below and pushing the foundations down to twelve feet to hit bedrock .
Brassica oleracea , or wild cabbage , is a species of Brassica native to coastal southern and western Europe , where its tolerance of salt and lime and its intolerance of competition from other plants typically restrict its natural occurrence to limestone sea cliffs , like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel .
Traditional viral culture has been generally superseded by shell vial culture , in which the sample is centrifuged onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection methods .
The influenza C virus infects humans and pigs , and can cause severe illness and local epidemics .
Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen , and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal .
Isaviruses infect salmon ; thogotoviruses infect vertebrates and invertebrates , such as mosquitoes and sea lice .
Influenza A viruses are further classified , based on the viral surface proteins hemagglutinin -LRB- HA or H -RRB- and neuraminidase -LRB- NA or N -RRB- ... Sixteen H subtypes -LRB- or serotypes -RRB- and nine N subtypes of influenza A virus have been identified .
The first three genera contain viruses that cause influenza in vertebrates , including birds -LRB- see also avian influenza -RRB- , humans , and other mammals .
The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and causes the most severe disease .
During the 2000s , Anton appeared in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm -LRB- 2000 -RRB- ; The King of Queens -LRB- 2001 , 2005 -RRB- ; Ally McBeal -LRB- 2001 -RRB- ; Lizzie McGuire -LRB- 2001 -RRB- ; Everybody Loves Raymond -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and Weekends at the D.L. -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . Anton has also appeared on shows like Premium Blend -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and Late Friday -LRB- 2001 -RRB- where he performed his stand-up routine .
During these drills , the National Weather Service issues test tornado warnings , and local Emergency Alert Systems and\/or NOAA Weather Radio -LRB- normally as a Required Weekly Test\/RWT , Administrative Message\/ADR , Practice-Demo\/DMO , or Required Monthly Test\/RMT ; Tornado Warning\/TOR can be used if a waiver from the FCC is granted since `` Live Code Testing '' is prohibited -RRB- are activated along with outdoor warning sirens .
Four times as many duodenal ulcers as gastric ulcers are diagnosed .
This genus includes the West Nile virus , dengue virus , Tick-borne Encephalitis Virus , Yellow Fever Virus , and several other viruses which may cause encephalitis .
Most cheeses are acidified to a lesser degree by bacteria , which turn milk sugars into lactic acid , then the addition of rennet completes the curdling .
Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available ; most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei , but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family .
In two arias -LRB- Rodolfo 's Che gelida manina -- `` What a cold little hand '' and MimÃ 's SÃ , mi chiamano MimÃ -- `` Yes , they call me MimÃ '' -RRB- , they tell each other about their different backgrounds .
The album has been made available on various formats since its initial release ; both Parlophone and Nettwerk released it as a CD in 2000 , and it was also released as a cassette by newfound US label Capitol in 2001 .
They slept on hard camp cots without pillows , except when they were ill , took cold baths in the morning , and were expected to tidy their rooms and do needlework to be sold at various charity events when they were not otherwise occupied .
After his release from hospital , Mane visited a tattoo parlor and had a large tattoo of an ice cream cone inked onto his face .
In 1948 he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his 1939 discovery of insecticidal qualities and use of DDT in the control of vector diseases such as malaria and yellow fever .
The band currently consists of Tim McIlrath -LRB- lead vocals , rhythm guitar -RRB- , Zach Blair -LRB- lead guitar , backing vocals -RRB- , Joe Principe -LRB- bass guitar , backing vocals -RRB- and Brandon Barnes -LRB- drums , percussion -RRB- .
Rise Against toured North America , Europe , Australia , and Japan in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
A year later , the Warrior was given the U.S. Medal of Honor -LRB- The U.S. 's highest award for valor -RRB- on 17 October 1921 , from the hand of General Pershing ; it hangs on a pillar near to his burial site .
In 1828 , Conrad Van Houten of the Netherlands developed a mechanical extraction method for extracting the fat from cacao liquor resulting in cacao butter and the partly defatted cacao , a compacted mass of solids that could be sold as it was `` rock cacao '' or ground into powder .
Chocolate cake is a cake flavored with melted chocolate or cocoa powder .
About 35 State Emergency Service personnel from New South Wales and 20 personnel from Victoria were deployed to provide relief to exhausted staff and volunteers .
Though research is still as yet scant , those suffering from cardiovascular disorders -LRB- particularly those recovering from myocardial infarction , or heart attacks -RRB- should resume physical activity -LRB- including sexual intercourse and masturbation -RRB- gradually and with the frequency and rigor which their physical status will allow .
A man whose penis has suffered a blunt trauma , severe bend or other injury during intercourse or masturbation may , rarely , sustain a penile fracture or suffer from Peyronie 's disease .
A study published in 1997 found an inverse association between death from coronary heart disease and frequency of orgasm even given the risk that myocardial ischemia and myocardial infarction can be triggered by sexual activity .
Other types of storage organs -LRB- such as corms , rhizomes , and tubers -RRB- are sometimes erroneously referred to as bulbs . The correct term for plants that form underground storage organs , including bulbs as well as tubers and corms , is geophyte .
Hydrochloric acid may be used to make hydrated CdCl2 from the metal , or from cadmium oxide or cadmium carbonate .
Quicksand is a non-Newtonian fluid : when undisturbed , it often appears to be solid -LRB- `` gel '' form -RRB- , but a minor -LRB- less than 1 % -RRB- change in the stress on the quicksand will cause a sudden decrease in its viscosity -LRB- `` sol '' form -RRB- .
Reform means to put or change into an improved form or condition ; to amend or improve by change of color or removal of faults or abuses , beneficial change , more specifically , reversion to a pure original state , to repair , restore or to correct .
As Thumper 's mother said : If you ca n't say something nice , do n't say anything at all .
Unlike the megamouth shark and whale shark , the basking shark does not appear to actively seek quarry , but it does possess large olfactory bulbs that may guide it . It relies only on the water that it pushes through its gills by swimming ; the megamouth shark and whale shark can suck or pump water through their gills .
A knockout mouse is a genetically engineered mouse in which one or more genes have been turned off through a targeted mutation .
A detailed explanation of how knockout -LRB- KO -RRB- mice are created is located at the website of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2007 .
They are sensitive to the touch as they have many nerve endings ; and it is common to press or massage them with hands or orally before or during sexual activity .
Sphalerite -LRB- -LRB- Zn , Fe -RRB- S -RRB- is a mineral that is the chief ore of zinc .
Plasmids may carry genes that provide resistance to naturally occurring antibiotics in a competitive environmental niche , or alternatively the proteins produced may act as toxins under similar circumstances .
The opium poppy -LRB- Papaver somniferum -RRB- is so widely used , for both drugs and food , that its worldwide production is monitored by international agencies . It yields opium and opiates , poppy seed for use in cooking and baking , poppyseed oil for both culinary and other uses , and is also cultivated as an ornamental plant .
Testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers : in excess of 90 percent ; essentially 100 percent if it has not metastasized .
It is a drug commonly used to treat acne vulgaris and keratosis pilaris .
Patients who drink alcohol to excess are also more often than others found to have hepatitis C. The combination of hepatitis C and alcohol consumption accelerates the development of cirrhosis .
Hepatitis is acute when it lasts less than six months and chronic when it persists longer . A group of viruses known as the hepatitis viruses cause most cases of hepatitis worldwide , but it can also be due to toxins -LRB- notably alcohol , certain medications , some industrial organic solvents and plants -RRB- , other infections and autoimmune diseases .
Lead -LRB- II -RRB- acetate is also known as lead acetate , lead diacetate , plumbous acetate , sugar of lead , lead sugar , salt of Saturn , and Goulard 's powder -LRB- after Thomas Goulard -RRB- .
Also , if the reviewing administrator concludes that the block was justified , you will not be unblocked unless the reviewing administrator is convinced that you understand what you are blocked for , and that you will not do it again .
C. albicans is commensal and is among the gut flora , the many organisms that live in the human mouth and gastrointestinal tract .
The rhombencephalon -LRB- or hindbrain -RRB- is a developmental categorization of portions of the central nervous system in vertebrates .
Batista pretended to sign with the SmackDown brand , giving Triple H and Flair the `` thumbs up '' , but turned it into a `` thumbs down '' -LRB- alluding to the way Randy Orton was kicked out of Evolution after winning the world title at SummerSlam 2004 -RRB- before attacking the pair .
A 30-man interpromotional Battle Royal , which featured : Booker T , Paul London , Heidenreich , Spike Dudley , Nunzio , Funaki , Doug Basham , Danny Basham , Orlando Jordan , Mark Jindrak , Luther Reigns , Scotty 2 Hotty , Hardcore Holly , Charlie Haas , Billy Kidman , and Akio from SmackDown and Simon Dean , William Regal , Tajiri , Rob Conway , Sylvain Grenier , Snitsky , The Hurricane , Rosey , Chris Masters , Viscera , Rhyno , Val Venis , Tyson Tomko , and Maven from Raw .
The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process , beginning with amino acid synthesis and transcription of nuclear DNA into messenger RNA , which is then used as input to translation .
The program shifted from sepia to color stop motion film , and various toys in the shop would also come to life : Gabriel the toad -LRB- who , unlike most Smallfilms characters , could move by a special device beneath his can without the use of stop motion animation -RRB- and a rag doll called Madeleine .
The excretory duct of seminal gland opens into the vas deferens as it enters the prostate gland .
These pulsar planets are believed to have formed from the unusual remnants of the supernova that produced the pulsar , in a second round of planet formation , or else to be the remaining rocky cores of gas giants that survived the supernova and then decayed into their current orbits .
This form of rock consists mostly of the minerals gibbsite Al -LRB- OH -RRB- 3 , boehmite Î - AlO -LRB- OH -RRB- , and diaspore Î - AlO -LRB- OH -RRB- , in a mixture with the two iron oxides goethite and hematite , the clay mineral kaolinite , and small amounts of anatase TiO2 .
In vertebrates , the small intestine is the part of the gastrointestinal tract -LRB- git -RRB- following the stomach and followed by the large intestine , and is where much of the digestion and absorption of food takes place .
Secretion is the process of elaborating , releasing , and oozing chemicals , or a secreted chemical substance from a cell or gland .
Agricultural potential is generally poor , due to the natural infertility of soils and the prevalence of swamps and lakes left by departing ice sheets , and short growing seasons prohibit all but the hardiest of crops .
There are three major types of blood vessels : the arteries , which carry the blood away from the heart ; the capillaries , which enable the actual exchange of water and chemicals between the blood and the tissues ; and the veins , which carry blood from the capillaries back toward the heart .
They hunt mainly at night , and as they have poor eyesight , they use sensory nodes on their head and body to detect minute changes in water pressure , allowing them to detect their prey .
To produce sound , the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between his chin and lower lip , and blows a stream of air downward , along the axis of the pipe , over an elliptical notch cut into the end .
Treatment includes taking antacids or other medicines , such as proton pump inhibitors or antibiotics , and avoiding hot or spicy foods .
Altoids mints are As of 2007 available in nine flavors : peppermint , wintergreen , spearmint , cinnamon , ginger , liquorice , chocolate , crÃ me de menthe and cool honey .
A 2002 study of 54 panhandlers in Toronto reported that of a median monthly income of $ 638 Canadian dollars -LRB- CAD -RRB- , those interviewed spent a median of $ 200 CAD on food and $ 192 CAD on alcohol , tobacco and illegal drugs , according to Income and spending patterns among panhandlers , by Rohit Bose and Stephen W. Hwang .
Because this process releases mercury , a small amount of mercury can `` eat through '' a large amount of aluminium over time , by progressively forming amalgam and relinquishing the aluminium as oxide .
Its oval-shaped head features prominent whiskers , black-and-brown ears , and a koban , a gold oval coin -LRB- also known as `` charm '' -RRB- embedded in its forehead .
Folic acid -LRB- also known as vitamin B9 , vitamin Bc or folacin -RRB- and folate -LRB- the naturally occurring form -RRB- , as well as pteroyl-L-glutamic acid , pteroyl-L-glutamate , and pteroylmonoglutamic acid are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9 .
Roughly 150 flowers yield 1 g of dry saffron threads ; to produce 12 g of dried saffron -LRB- 72 g freshly harvested -RRB- , 1 kg of flowers are needed -LRB- 1 lb for 0.2 oz of dried saffron -RRB- .
Since 2007 , the band has been composed of actor Jared Leto -LRB- lead vocals , rhythm guitar , songwriter -RRB- , Shannon Leto -LRB- drums , percussion -RRB- and Tomo MiliÄ eviÄ -LRB- lead guitar , keyboards -RRB- .
It was probably an active bipedal predator , hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each hind foot .
Inclusion conjunctivitis of the newborn -LRB- ICN -RRB- is a conjunctivitis that may be caused by the bacteria Chlamydia trachomatis , and may lead to acute , purulent conjunctivitis .
Aurochs also had several features rarely seen in modern cattle , such as lyre-shaped horns set at a forward angle , a pale stripe down the spine , and sexual dimorphism of coat color .
Some tablets are inscribed with nothing more than the names of the targets , leading to the supposition that an oral spell may have accompanied the manufacture of the curse .
In IUPAC nomenclature , acetyl is called ethanoyl , although this term is rarely heard . The acetyl moiety is a component of many organic compounds , including the neurotransmitter acetylcholine , acetyl-CoA , acetylcysteine , and the analgesics acetaminophen and acetylsalicylic acid -LRB- better known as aspirin -RRB- .
Beside the usual thin pancakes , called pannkakor , which resembles the French crÃ pes and , often served with whipped cream and jam , are eaten for lunch on Thursdays with pea soup , the Swedish cuisine has plÃ ttar which resemble tiny English pancakes , and are fried several at a time in a special pan . Others resemble German pancakes but include fried pork in the batter ; these are baked in the oven .
Intel Core Solo -LRB- product code 80538 -RRB- uses the same two-core die as the Core Duo , but features only one active core .
One Scottish writer described his Highland countrymen this way : They greatly excel the Lowlanders in all the exercises that require agility ; they are incredibly abstemious , and patient of hunger and fatigue ; so steeled against the weather , that in traveling , even when the ground is covered with snow , they never look for a house , or any other shelter but their plaid , in which they wrap themselves up , and go to sleep under the cope of heaven .
The face is a central sense organ complex , for those animals that have one , normally on the ventral surface of the head , and can , depending on the definition in the human case , include the hair , forehead , eyebrow , eyelashes , eyes , nose , ears , cheeks , mouth , lips , philtrum , teeth , skin , and chin .
Finely ground marble or calcium carbonate powder is a component in paper , and in consumer products such as toothpaste , plastics , and paints .
They had four childrenâ '' Linda 's daughter Heather -LRB- who was adopted by Paul -RRB- , Mary , Stella and Jamesâ '' and remained married until Linda 's death from breast cancer in 1998 .
Consequently , it has been suspected that Gastornis was an ambush hunter and\/or used pack hunting techniques to pursue or ambush prey ; if Gastornis was a predator , it would have certainly needed some other means of hunting prey through the dense forest .
In addition to products to contain the menstrual flow , pharmaceutical companies likewise provide products -- commonly non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs -LRB- NSAIDs -RRB- -- to relieve menstrual cramps .
In time of storm it awaits the stroke of the axe which is ` the thunderclap ' ... ` To be wrecked on the Casquets is to be cut into ribbons ; to strike on the Ortac is to be crushed into powder ... On a straight frontage , such of that of the Ortac , neither the wave nor the cannon ball can ricochet ... if the wave carries the vessel on the rock she breaks on it , and is lost ...
Fielding first met Barratt after seeing him perform his solo stand-up routine at the Hellfire Comedy Club in the Wycombe Swan theater .
Tetanus toxin is the neurotoxin produced by the vegetative cell of Clostridium tetani in anaerobic conditions , causing tetanus .
A flood basalt or trap basalt is the result of a giant volcanic eruption or series of eruptions that coats large stretches of land or the ocean floor with basalt lava .
The typical implementation of a game port uses a capacitor and a simple voltage comparator , which together form a sort of crude ramp-compare ADC , which needs to be periodically polled and reset at precise moments to read an input , something that must be done several times -LRB- generally above 30 -RRB- per second to provide a responsive game input , and the actual acquisition frequency and value typically depend on the joystick 's internal resistance , noise , CPU speed and the total joystick-capacitor 's RC time constant .
In 1833 , following tribal feuding , the Al Maktoum dynasty -LRB- also descendants of the House of Al-Falasi -RRB- of the Bani Yas tribe left their ancestral home of the Liwa Oasis , South-west of the settlement of Abu Dhabi and quickly took over Dubai from the Abu Fasala clan without resistance .
If the level of respiration is inappropriate for the body 's status then dyspnea might occur . It is worth noting that there is a psychological component of dyspnea as well , as some people may become aware of their breathing in such circumstances but not experience the distress typical of dyspnea .
The post of DCI was established by President Harry Truman on January 23 , 1946 , with Admiral Sidney Souers occupying the position ; it thus predates the establishment of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Industrial production of selenium often involves the extraction of selenium dioxide from residues obtained during the purification of copper . Common production begins by oxidation with sodium carbonate to produce selenium dioxide .
The selenium dioxide is then mixed with water and the solution is acidified to form selenous acid -LRB- oxidation step -RRB- . Selenous acid is bubbled with sulfur dioxide -LRB- reduction step -RRB- to give elemental selenium .
Stone Cold then dragged a referee into the ring , but in a swerve , kicked Kurt Angle in the stomach , hit him with a Stunner , and placed Booker T on top of Kurt Angle and told the referee to count .
While Vince was in the ring , Booker T came from behind to deliver his trademark scissor kick to Vince .
Vince McMahon replied that Shane was somewhat accurate in his accusations but ceded that it was wrong for him to back Stone Cold , as he was a rattlesnake that he should have known would eventually bite him .
The Rock , however , gave Vince a Rock Bottom and proceeded to shake Shane 's hand , but he then proceeded to Rock Bottom him as well .
For fans who did n't catch it the fifth , tenth or twentieth time they 've run the angle , `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin and Vince McMahon are about to feud once again ... First up was Vincent McMahon labeling Austin with a steel chair as he was waiting to put a dazed RVD away ... Three minutes later , it was Shane McMahon 's turn to hurl Kurt Angle out of the ring and into a steel ring post .
`` While it was good TV , it was n't what everyone thought the WCW vs WWF would have been all about ... When the fans of WWF and WCW reminisced about a WCW vs WWF match back in the glory days of Monday Night Wars of around 1997 , their match would have probably gone like this : WCW would probably have a team of Hollywood Hulk Hogan , Scott Hall , Kevin Nash , Goldberg , and Ric Flair against ... maybe the WWF team of Stone Cold Steve Austin , The Rock , the Undertaker , Shawn Michaels , and Mick Foley .
Bartlet 's staff contemplates replacing Vice President John Hoynes on the ticket with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Percy Fitzwallace -LRB- John Amos -RRB- , among others .
Devil 's food cake is a moist , airy , rich chocolate layer cake .
Food colorings are tested for safety by various bodies around the world and sometimes different bodies have different views on food color safety .
Corrosion resistance can be excellent due to a thin surface layer of aluminium oxide that forms when the metal is exposed to air , effectively preventing further oxidation .
The first fossil records of vascular plants , that is , land plants with tissues that carry food , appeared in the second half of the Silurian period .
The term adrenaline is derived from the Latin roots ad - and renes and literally means `` on the kidney '' , in reference to the adrenal gland 's anatomic location on the kidney . The Greek roots epi and nephros have similar meanings , and give rise to `` epinephrine '' .
Adverse reactions to epinephrine include palpitations , tachycardia , arrhythmia , anxiety , headache , tremor , hypertension , and acute pulmonary edema .
When combined with other central nervous system depressants such as alcohol and opiates , the potential for toxicity increases .
Furthermore , the primitive reptilian jaw joint between the articular and quadrate bones , which in modern mammals has moved into the middle ear and become part of the ear ossicles as malleus and incus , is still to be found in Morganucodon .
The Elders will be independently funded by a group of Founders , including Richard Branson , Peter Gabriel , Ray Chambers ; Michael Chambers ; Bridgeway Foundation ; Pam Omidyar , Humanity United ; Amy Robbins ; Shashi Ruia , Dick Tarlow ; and the United Nations Foundation .
The treatment for cardiac arrest is cardiopulmonary resuscitation -LRB- CPR -RRB- to provide circulatory support , followed by defibrillation if a shockable rhythm is present .
In addition to the planting of flowers that feed butterflies , other means of attracting them include constructing Â butterfly housesÂ , providing sand for puddling , water , and other resources or food items , including rotten fruit .
In addition to the specialised endocrine organs mentioned above , many other organs that are part of other body systems , such as the kidney , liver , heart and gonads , have secondary endocrine functions . For example the kidney secretes endocrine hormones such as erythropoietin and renin .
Banana paper is used in two different senses : to refer to a paper made from the bark of the banana plant , mainly used for artistic purposes , or paper made from banana fiber , obtained with an industrialized process from the stem and the non-usable fruits .
Bone Marrow is the flexible tissue found in the interior of bones .
Not all of the causes of cervical cancer are known .
An emergency telephone number call may be answered by either a telephone operator or an emergency service dispatcher .
As of 2010 , the FDIC insures deposits at 7,723 institutions .
Liver cancer or hepatic cancer is properly considered to be a cancer which starts in the liver , as opposed to a cancer which originates in another organ and migrates to the liver , known as a liver metastasis . For a thorough understanding of liver cancer it is important to have an understanding of how the liver functions .
Acne is a general term used for acneiform eruptions . It is usually used as a synonym for acne vulgaris , but may also refer to :
Steve Austin -LRB- born Steven James Anderson ; December 18 , 1964 , later and formerly Steven Williams -RRB- , better known by his ring name `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin , is an American film and television actor and professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment .
Like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra , the work is clearly Christian , and features several apostles being seen in heaven . However , the text is significantly shorter than the Apocalypse .
In 2007 , breast cancer was expected to cause 40,910 deaths in the US -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- .
In 2008 , breast cancer caused 458,503 deaths worldwide -LRB- 13.7 % of cancer deaths in women and 6.0 % of all cancer deaths for men and women together -RRB- .
Prostate cancer is a form of cancer that develops in the prostate , a gland in the male reproductive system .
In the episode , which is a satire of censorship issues , Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames The Itchy & Scratchy Show for Maggie 's actions .
It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon .
This works by convection ; the heat is transferred from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant .
This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object , and the process can be enhanced by increasing the surface area or decreasing the mass of the object .
Bronchitis is inflammation of the mucous membranes of the bronchi , the airways that carry airflow from the trachea into the lungs .
Endometrial cancer may sometimes be referred to as uterine cancer .
Endometrial cancer refers to several types of malignancies that arise from the endometrium , or lining , of the uterus .
Medicine wheels were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern that often looked like a wagon wheel lying on its side .
The fleshy external end of the nasal septum is sometimes also called columella .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency -LRB- FEMA -RRB- is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security , initially created by Presidential Order on 1 April 1979 .
How the concentrations of ions and the membrane transport proteins influence the value of the resting potential is outlined below .
The term ` alternative medicine ' is generally used to describe practices used independently or in place of conventional medicine .
The circulation became better defined as convection modestly increased over the center , and within six hours of its development the system transitioned into a tropical depression .
Officials in New Orleans opened three emergency shelters , citing the potential need of shelter for citizens in about 17,000 FEMA trailers after Hurricane Katrina .
The combination of wind shear and low-level helicity produced moderate convection across central Florida in association with the precursor low pressure system .
Despite an overall disorganized structure , with a poorly defined circulation and an upper-level low aloft , the National Hurricane Center initiated advisories on Subtropical Depression Ten at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles -LRB- 60 km -RRB- south of St. Vincent Island , Florida , citing `` the potential for additional development right along the coastline . ''
Tracking northwestward , the depression moved ashore near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22 , and shortly thereafter it dissipated over southeastern Alabama .
Shortly thereafter , an inland tropical storm warning was issued for Pearl River , Walthall , and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana .
Exxon Mobil cut its output by about 1,000 barrels of oil and 55000 f. With 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production halted due to the depression , oil prices rose further after days of increasing levels , and on September 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .
By September 17 , the system produced widespread thunderstorm activity over the Bahamas and western Atlantic Ocean .
Lung cancer is a disease which consists of uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung .
10 â `` 15 % of lung cancer patients have never smoked .
Secondary cancers are classified by the site of origin ; e.g. , breast cancer that has spread to the lung is called breast cancer .
According to Nobel 's will , the Karolinska Institutet in Sweden , a medical school and research center , is responsible for the Prize in Physiology or Medicine .
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine administered by the Nobel Foundation , is awarded once a year for outstanding contributions in the medical field . It is one of five Nobel Prizes established in 1895 by Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel , the inventor of dynamite , in his will , the others being for contributions in Physics , Chemistry , Literature and Peace .
Universal life insurance -LRB- UL -RRB- is a relatively new insurance product intended to provide permanent insurance coverage with greater flexibility in premium payment and the potential for greater growth of cash values . There are several types of universal life insurance policies which include `` interest sensitive '' -LRB- also known as `` traditional fixed universal life insurance '' -RRB- , variable universal life -LRB- VUL -RRB- , guaranteed death benefit , and equity indexed universal life insurance .
The album is split in two stylistically , with tracks 1 through 7 featuring electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines and tracks 9 through 13 using traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ .
With lyrics written by guitarist Ryan Ross , the record covers social issues that the band points on through various songs , and topics such as sanctity of marriage , adultery , alcoholism , prostitution and religions are woven throughout the album .
Laws of nature are distinct from religious and civil law , and should not be confused with the concept of natural law .
Vaccines are dead or inactivated organisms or purified products derived from them .
Possible methods include liposomes and ISCOM -LRB- immune stimulating complex -RRB- .
Sometimes , this is because the host 's immune system simply does not respond adequately or at all .
Vaccines may be monovalent -LRB- also called univalent -RRB- or multivalent -LRB- also called polyvalent -RRB- .
Most vaccine development to date has relied on `` push '' funding by government , universities and non-profit organizations .
The filing of patents on vaccine development processes can also be viewed as an obstacle to the development of new vaccines .
The Cramps are noted as influencing a number of musical styles : not only are they one of the first garage punk bands but also the first known band to blend punk rock with rockabilly , The Cramps are widely recognized as one of the prime innovators of psychobilly , and they inspired many of the early goth rock bands .
This organism is uncommon but may be found in cattle , sheep , goats and other domestic mammals , including cats and dogs .
His contemporary Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads , and concluded that it was contagious .
He later added the suffix - oma , Greek for swelling , giving the name carcinoma .
This name comes from the appearance of the cut surface of a solid malignant tumor , with `` the veins stretched on all sides as the animal the crab has its feet , whence it derives its name '' .
The German professor Wilhelm Fabry believed that breast cancer was caused by a milk clot in a mammary duct .
A Second Report on the Mortality of British Doctors '' followed in 1956 -LRB- otherwise known as the British doctors study -RRB- .
Through the centuries it was discovered that cancer could occur anywhere in the body , but humor-theory based treatment remained popular until the 19th century with the discovery of cells .
The Dutch professor Francois de la Boe Sylvius , a follower of Descartes , believed that all disease was the outcome of chemical processes , and that acidic lymph fluid was the cause of cancer .
This view of the disease was first formulated by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan between 1871 and 1874 .
Decreased desire to eat is termed anorexia , while polyphagia -LRB- or `` hyperphagia '' -RRB- is increased eating . Dysregulation of appetite contributes to anorexia nervosa , bulimia nervosa , cachexia , overeating , and binge eating disorder .
A chest of drawers , also called -LRB- especially in North American English -RRB- a dresser or a bureau , is a piece of furniture that has multiple parallel , horizontal drawers stacked one above another .
In other countries , such as the United Kingdom , Germany and India , the MD is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate .
Doctor of Medicine -LRB- MD , from the Latin MedicinÃ Doctor meaning `` Teacher of Medicine '' -RRB- is a doctoral degree for physicians .
The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over and continued to play the character until Doctor Who 's hiatus in 1989 .
The infirmary provided accommodation for twelve beds , and became known as Charing Cross Hospital in 1827 .
Cough suppressants are used if the cough is not productive -LRB- nothing is being coughed up -RRB- .
Gillespie had two funerals .
For example , a cricket ball can be considered an object but the ball also consists of many particles -LRB- pieces of matter -RRB- .
However , subsidiary beverages that contain caffeine , such as energy drinks , most of which contain high amounts of caffeine , have been banned in many schools throughout the world , due to other adverse effects having been observed in prolonged consumption of caffeine .
Beverages containing caffeine , such as coffee , tea , soft drinks , and energy drinks , enjoy great popularity ; in North America , 90 % of adults consume caffeine daily .
The remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am EDT -LRB- 0600 UTC -RRB- on May 30 , at which time it was absorbed by a warm front , south of Nova Scotia .
The NHC issued their final outlook on the low around 8 pm EDT -LRB- 0000 UTC on May 28 -RRB- while the system was located about 90 mi -LRB- 150 km -RRB- east of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , as development of the low was not expected .
At 5:00 pm EDT -LRB- 2100 UTC -RRB- the NHC issued their final advisory on Tropical Depression One .
When Tropical Depression One formed on May 28 , it marked the third time since 1851 , when reliable records in the Atlantic basin began , that a pre-season cyclone developed in three consecutive years , following Subtropical Storm Andrea which formed in May of 2007 and Tropical Storm Arthur in May of 2008 .
It was released as a download on 4 October 2009 , and on vinyl -LRB- limited to 1,000 copies worldwide -RRB- on 19 October 2009 .
Other arthritis forms are rheumatoid arthritis , psoriatic arthritis , and related autoimmune diseases . Septic arthritis is caused by joint infection .
Avicenna also `` described diabetes insipidus very precisely for the first time '' , though it was later Johann Peter Frank -LRB- 1745 â `` 1821 -RRB- who first differentiated between diabetes mellitus and diabetes insipidus .
Cold fronts can move up to twice as fast as warm fronts and can produce sharper changes in weather .
Both organizations also provide `` reserve '' or `` support '' cover to some , though not all , of the ambulance trusts , dependent on the local MOU , where ambulance crews from one of the organizations -LRB- who are usually volunteers , but in some instances may be paid staff -RRB- will attend 999 , GP Urgent or PTS calls on behalf of the ambulance trust , with the organization receiving recompense from the trust .
Both organizations have also provided cover for the public on the very rare occasions when unionised NHS ambulance trust staff have taken industrial action .
Most of the new Trusts follow government office regional boundaries , exceptions to this are the Isle of Wight -LRB- where provision will remain with the Island 's Primary Care Trust -RRB- , and South East and South West England which are both split into two Trusts .
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service -LRB- NIAS -RRB- is the ambulance service that serves the whole of Northern Ireland , and was established in 1995 by parliamentary order .
Emergency ambulance work in all NHS bodies and most voluntary and private firms is based on the guidance published by the Joint Royal Colleges of medicine Ambulance Liaison Committee -LRB- JRCALC -RRB- .
This is an area where an increasing amount of private firms are taking business away from the trusts .
The Service employs approximately 1,044 staff based across 32 stations & sub-stations , four Control Centres and a Regional Training Centre .
Private ambulance services are becoming more common in the UK , performing a number of roles , including providing medical cover at large events , either alongside , or instead of the voluntary sector providers .
Internists may also specialize in `` allergy '' and `` immunology . ''
In the United States , two organizations are responsible for certification of subspecialists within the field : the American Board of Internal Medicine and the American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine .
There is general agreement that acupuncture is safe when administered by well-trained practitioners using sterile needles .
It is not clear how spiderlings manage to eat pollen however , since their mouths are not large enough to consume pollen grains . Some predatory mites also feed on pollen , with some species being able to subsist solely on pollen , such as Euseius tularensis , which feeds on the pollen of dozens of plant species .
It was the world 's tallest building for three years , until 1913 , when it was surpassed by the Woolworth Building .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , abbreviated ARRA and commonly referred to as the Stimulus or The Recovery Act , is an economic stimulus package enacted by the 111th United States Congress in February 2009 .
It was released in Europe and Asia on October 6 , 2006 , and November 2 , 2006 in Japan .
Drivers are not included with the Vision Camera but can be downloaded automatically by Windows when prompted .
Mac OS X 10.4.9 added support for the USB `` video class '' group of peripherals , which includes the Vision Camera .
The precise definition of an emergency , the agencies involved and the procedures used , vary by jurisdiction , and this is usually set by the government , whose agencies -LRB- emergency services -RRB- are responsible for emergency planning and management .
In the city , crowds gather in search of the nose .
Women who have had children are less likely to develop ovarian cancer than women who have not , and breastfeeding may also reduce the risk of certain types of ovarian cancer .
Madonna asked one of her friends how long it would take until Yankovic satirized her song `` Like a Virgin '' as `` Like a Surgeon '' .
It is a parody of `` Like a Virgin '' by Madonna .
If no signs of toxicity occur at the initial dose , it is necessary to retest at a higher dose level .
Between half and three-quarters of all women who have a chlamydia infection of the neck of the womb -LRB- cervicitis -RRB- have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected .
Killing Is My Business ... and Business Is Good !
is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Megadeth , released in June 1985 through Combat and Relativity Records .
Bedtime Stories is a 2008 American family-fantasy-comedy film directed by Adam Shankman that stars Adam Sandler in his first appearance in a family-oriented film .
Cold Bay is one of the main commercial centers of the Alaska Peninsula , and is home to Cold Bay Airport .
The depression then relocated onshore and rapidly dissipated the next morning .
Some viruses can `` hide '' within another cell , either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system , or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate .
This is the final stage in the viral life cycle .
It lies between Gemini to the west and Leo to the east , Lynx to the north and Canis Minor and Hydra to the south .
Its name is Latin for crab and it is commonly represented as such .
Radioactive Iodine-131 is used in patients with papillary or follicular thyroid cancer for ablation of residual thyroid tissue after surgery and for the treatment of thyroid cancer .
Released nineteen years after the previous film , the film acknowledges its star Harrison Ford 's age by setting itself in 1957 . It pays tribute to the science fiction B-movies of the era , pitting Indiana Jones against Soviet agentsâ '' led by Irina Spalko -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- -- for a psychic alien crystal skull .
The depression made landfall at St. Catherines Island , Georgia , and moved inland , where it steadily weakened .
However , flood watches were posted for much of Georgia and South Carolina .
Early on July 26 it moved ashore on St. Catherines Island , Georgia , and after steadily weakening over land it dissipated on July 27 .
Because the storm was weak , effects were limited to heavy rainfall throughout portions of Florida , Georgia , South Carolina and North Carolina .
Tropical Depression Seven of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season was a weak tropical depression that formed off the northeast Florida coast .
Testicular cancer is cancer that develops in the testicles , a part of the male reproductive system .
As it is often difficult for patients to recall the precise details regarding each headache , it is often useful for the sufferer to fill-out a `` headache diary '' detailing the characteristics of the headache .
Non-chemical remedies include cooling , warming , soft stimulation .
Often , however , scratching can intensify itching and even cause further damage to the skin , dubbed the `` itch-scratch-itch cycle '' .
Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics , others not .
It formed on August 13 from a tropical wave that emerged from the west coast of Africa on August 8 .
At the time , it was located about 1600 m east of Barbados .
Physical fitness comprises two related concepts : general fitness -LRB- a state of health and well-being -RRB- and specific fitness -LRB- a task-oriented definition based on the ability to perform specific aspects of sports or occupations -RRB- .
The legend of the tooth fairy is of a fairy who gives a child money or a gift in exchange for a baby tooth -LRB- also known as a deciduous or milk tooth -RRB- that has fallen out .
The legend of the tooth fairy is of a fairy who gives a child money or a gift in exchange for a baby tooth -LRB- also known as a deciduous or milk tooth -RRB- that has fallen out . Children typically place the tooth under their pillow at night .
The album was issued on November 7 , 2006 .
The nasal bones are two small oblong bones , varying in size and form in different individuals ; they are placed side by side at the middle and upper part of the face , and form , by their junction , `` the bridge '' of the nose .
Additionally , all equations describing laws of physics can be expressed without dimensional physical constants via a process known as nondimensionalisation , but the dimensionless constants will remain . Thus , theoretical physicists tend to regard these dimensionless quantities as fundamental physical constants .
An emergency exit in a structure is a special exit for emergencies such as a fire : the combined use of regular and special exits allows for faster evacuation , while it also provides an alternative if the route to the regular exit is blocked by fire , etc.
Cold War Kids are an American indie rock band from Long Beach , California .
Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem , released June 18 , 2010 on Shady Records , Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records .
