A goitre -LRB- BrE -RRB- , or goiter -LRB- AmE -RRB- -LRB- Latin struma -RRB- , also called a bronchocele , is a swelling in the neck -LRB- just below Adam 's apple or larynx -RRB- due to an enlarged thyroid gland .
The structure is known as the middle ear , and is made up of the incus , stapes , malleus , and tympanic membrane .
It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury -LRB- TBI -RRB- and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy , amongst others .
Tarama is carp roe used to make taramosalata . Taramosolata is a Greek and Turkish food that is made of tarama mixed with lemon juice , bread crumbs , onions , and olive oil .
His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann 's Ill Wind and his classical playing .
Hyperthyroidism is a medical condition .
At the 75th minute of this game , Trautmann was hit by a player from Birmingham .
Nausea is a general feeling of unease and discomfort in the stomach , often with the urge to vomit .
It has 3 main components ; cells , fibers , and extracellular matrix .
It is a type of severe and dangerous leukopenia -LRB- a condition of very low number of white blood cells -RRB- . If the agranulocytosis is because of a lack of neutrophils -LRB- called neutropenia -RRB- , it is especially bad .
`` To gain a desired prey , a dog or wolf will do things -LRB- that they would normally not do , such as -RRB- run through thorn bushes , jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them .
He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap ; the red stripe , the ocean ; the red semicircle , the fjords ; and the white semicircle , the icebergs and pack ice .
Oscar Fredrick Dronjak -LRB- born January 20 1972 -RRB- is the rhythm guitarist of the power metal band HammerFall .
For the best-fit `` snowman '' model , the density is found to be 1.8 Â 0.2 g\/cm Â . This gives a porosity of the order of 20 % .
Block ciphers operate on large blocks of fixed length .
Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch , while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers .
These include pine resin , frankincense , poppy seed oil , walnut oil , and in more modern times safflower oil .
Hypoglycemia is a condition that involves lower than normal blood sugar .
In the decimal system -LRB- which is base 10 -RRB- , each digit is how many of a certain power of 10 are needed to get the value .
The garden dormouse has black eye marks , large ears -LRB- for a rodent -RRB- , short hair , and a white tassel at the end of the tail .
In hand-to-hand combat , in martial arts and sports , a kick is a blow with the foot , the knee or the leg .
Some liver diseases can only be treated with liver transplant .
Spermicides are normally used with barrier contraception , such as condoms , cervical caps , diaphragms , and contraceptive sponges .
Normal wear and tear is pitting from cavitation , fatigue cracking , and abrasion from suspended solids in the water .
Hip hop musicians usually use nicknames .
It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome .
A precancerous -LRB- or premalignant -RRB- condition is not malignant .
The month of May might have been named for the Roman goddess Maia , or more likely the Roman goddess of fertility Bona Dea , whose festival was held in May .
Some people with diabetes can take in insulin from outside their bodies instead of producing their own insulin .
The middle layer is the myocardium . This is the heart muscle .
It is one of many spaniel breeds .
Emphysema is a disease of the lungs .
It occurs when the very small air sacs -LRB- called the alveoli -RRB- at the ends of the airways in the lungs start to break down from many sacs to form much bigger sacs . The alveoli are the areas of the lung where oxygen and carbon dioxide are exchanged into and out of the blood .
Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it did explosive intensification , as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an guessed pressure drop of 43 mbars , from 991 to 948 mbars ; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 mbar , from 996 to 935 mbars . Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4 .
Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba , firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province , causing severe damage , although it is difficult to predict how much damage it caused .
There are several related medical conditions , including : acne , sebaceous cysts , hyperplasia , sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma -LRB- see section below : Diseases -RRB- .
The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens .
The extreme use -LRB- up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts -RRB- of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders , for muscle gain can also cause acne .
A study done by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs , prescription and over-the-counter .
Older mothballs were made primarily of naphthalene . Because naphthalene can catch fire easily , modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead .
Vaccines similar to this are still used today , but other vaccines -LRB- growing the virus using cell cultures -RRB- are more frequent .
Both of Neely 's parents died of cancer and he set up the Cam Neely Foundation and helps cancer patients live in accommodation at the `` Neely House '' while undergoing cancer treatments .
They range in size from the heaviest , the Mekong Giant Catfish to the longest , the Wels catfish found in Eurasia .
Roux 's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics .
These are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism , and include crystals , oil drops , gums , tannins , resins and other compounds that can help the organism in defense , maintenance of cellular structure , or just substance storage .
The Zuiderzeewerken -LRB- Zuiderzee Works -RRB- are a system of dams , land reclamation and water drainage works , a project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century .
Courtney Michelle Love -LRB- born Courtney Michelle Harrison on July 9 , 1964 -RRB- is an American rock musician and Golden Globe-nominated actress .
This releases a mostly clear , colorless salty kind of water with a little solid thermonatrite .
After getting up on his feet with a worried face , Michaels said to Flair `` I 'm sorry , I love you '' , before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 36-year long wrestling career .
Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines .
These include John Humphrys , who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to Radio 4 's Today program , which he presents , John Sweeney of Panorama , and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content .
On October 7 , Gandy hurt his left knee while playing against the Tennessee Titans ; he tore what is called an anterior cruciate ligament , which kept him from playing any more games for the rest of the season .
It is sold in syrup , tablet , and lozenge forms , manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels .
Dextromethorphan -LRB- DXM or DM -RRB- is a drug .
Matt Berman , of Common Sense Media , praised the book , saying `` The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun , with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist . ''
Interestingly , centrosomes are not required for the progression of mitosis .
In the absence of the centrosome , the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle .
When the centrosomes are irradiated by a laser , mitosis proceeds with a normal spindle .
Like most molluscs , cephalopods use hemocyanin , a copper-containing protein , rather than hemoglobin to transport oxygen .
In anatomy , a ganglion -LRB- plural ganglia -RRB- is a biological tissue mass , part of the nervous system . It is a mass of nerve cell bodies .
In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren , which ended in the first half of the 19th century .
Dust , pollen and pet dander are all common allergens . It is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume .
Multicellular organisms , especially long-living animals , also face the challenge of cancer , which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development .
Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities , leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor .
Transposition can create significant mutations and alter the cell 's genome size .
The resolution of pit eyes can be improved a lot by adding a material to make a lens . This will reduce the radius of the blurring , and increase the resolution that can be achieved .
It refers to both the cytosol -LRB- the actual liquid -RRB- , a cells organelles , but not the nucleus -LRB- or the cell membrane -RRB- . The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus , and is home to the other organelles .
The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus , and is home to the other organelles . The cytoplasm consists mainly of cytosol , and crucial chemical reactions happen with it .
AtatÃ 1\/4 rk made many changes that made Turkey more modern .
In 1877 , the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations , so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents ; in 1882 , the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem -LRB- Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group -RRB- ; and by 1887 , had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade , which undertook practical and life-saving work .
Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order 's star in white silk : the Sovereign Head , Grand Prior , and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem ; the Sovereign 's and Grand Prior 's are of white silk with gold adornments , the former 's also surmounted by a St. Edward 's Crown , while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross , Knights and Dames of Justice , and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen , the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk , the latter in white silk .
Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta .
If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon , it will make a hole in the cocoon when it exits as a moth .
They were protected by bony plates -LRB- sclerotic rings -RRB- , which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth .
To make the drink , the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste and mixed it with water , cornmeal , chile peppers , and spices .
What the Spanish then called `` chocolatl '' was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .
It is very sweet and often is served with marshmallows , whipped cream , or a piece of solid chocolate .
After defeating Montezumaâ s warriors and taking the Aztec 's riches , CortÃ s went back to Spain in 1528 . He brought cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment .
The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw , and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing .
Carbonation is a solution that forms when carbon dioxide is dissolved in a liquid .
The arithmetic mean human penis is approximately 12.9 t in length , the circumference is approximately 12.3 c. There is no scientific relation between either penis size or race , and shoe size or stretched penis size .
A study concluded that penis width rather than length was a more important factor of sexual stimulation probably because a wider penis provides more friction to the clitoral area while a longer penis reaches a less sensitive area .
Potassium arsenite is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is KAsO2 .
JVL got awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection , USA Today Hot Site , and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel , the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others .
This genus is responsible for approximately 95 % of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning , with the death cap accounting for about 50 % on its own .
Nothing was seen ; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot , Wild took a sounding at 64 Â 11 'S , 46 Â 4 ` W , which revealed 2331 f of water .
They found no signs of land ; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped , a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity .
But by this place Christian went without much danger , whereat I somewhat wondered ; but I have learned since , that Pagan has been dead many a day ; and as for the other , though he be yet alive , he is by reason of age , and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes , grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts , that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth , grinning at Pilgrims as they go by , and biting his nails , because he can not come at them .
Cytokines signal to other immune cells that there is a foreign antigen present . Other T cells , called cytotoxic T cells , produce toxic granules which cause the death of infected cells .
They can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
He had been addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier .
Francium is very radioactive .
Mayflies are unique in that they moult one more time after getting functional wings -LRB- this is also known as the alate stage -RRB- . This second-to-last winged stage is usually very short , a matter of hours .
Elettaria cardamomum -LRB- the usual type of cardamom -RRB- is used as a spice and in medicine ; it is also smoked sometimes ; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei .
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour .
Yoghurt has a lot of protein , calcium , riboflavin , vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 in it .
Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and lupus erythematosus .
Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich -LRB- 1854-1915 -RRB- , who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction ; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908 , which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology , Ilya Mechnikov -LRB- 1845-1916 -RRB- .
Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic -LRB- inherited -RRB- disease , or an infection , such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome -LRB- AIDS -RRB- , that is caused by the retrovirus HIV , or other causes .
The radius is one of the two bones which make up the lower forearm in tetrapods . The other one is the ulna .
Fighters wore leather straps -LRB- called himantes -RRB- over their hands , wrists , and sometimes chest , to protect themselves from injury . The straps also left the fingers free .
Gollum bites off Frodo 's finger with the Ring .
The members are : Mark Osegueda -LRB- vocals -RRB- Rob Cavestany -LRB- guitar , vocals -RRB- , Ted Aguilar -LRB- guitar -RRB- , Andy Galeon -LRB- drums -RRB- , Dennis Pepa -LRB- bass , vocals -RRB-
Holly Marie Combs -LRB- born December 3 , 1973 in San Diego , California -RRB- is an American actress most well known for working on the television series Charmed . Before Charmed , she work in the tv series Picket Fences .
Smashers use this ability to attack snails , crabs , molluscs and rock oysters ; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces .
The eyes of mantis shrimp may recognize different types of coral , prey species -LRB- which are often transparent or semi-transparent -RRB- , or predators , such as barracuda , which have shimmering scales .
It is used as an additive in gasoline , plastics , synthetic rubber , dyes and it is an industrial solvent , which means it can dissolve many other chemical molecules .
Although the Ediacaran period does contain soft-bodied fossils -LRB- the Ediacaran biota -RRB- , its start is defined at the base of a carbonate layer , referred to as a `` cap carbonate '' . This caps glacial deposits and shows a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age .
Because of this , lithium must be stored in petroleum jelly .
Lithium ion batteries also have lithium in them , though not as an element .
It only is in the form of lithium compounds . The ocean has a large amount of lithium in it .
The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 0.2 to 0.7 Ma BP , as do many other places such as Montagu Cave -LRB- 0.058 to 0.2 Ma BP -RRB- and at the Klasies River Mouth -LRB- 0.12 to 0.13 Ma BP -RRB- .
Tendons are similar to ligaments except that ligaments join one bone to another .
Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen .
Back in Canada , she married screenwriter\/director\/producer Paul Almond in 1967 , and starred in three of his films ; Isabel -LRB- 1968 -RRB- , The Act of the Heart -LRB- 1970 -RRB- and Journey -LRB- 1972 -RRB- , winning the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two .
Proteobacteria include a wide variety of pathogens , such as Escherichia coli , Salmonella , Vibrio , Helicobacter , and many other notable genera .
The first emotions of Galerius were those of surprise , disappointment , and rage ; and , as he could seldom restrain his passions , he threatened to burn both the letter and the messenger .
When its reaches 100 million K , helium begins to fuse into carbon and oxygen .
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians which only use internal insemination .
Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seals and gaskets , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , high performance adhesives and sealants , Spandex fibers , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts .
The term Opiate is sometimes used as a synonym .
The seed is also used in various alternative healing systems like Ayurveda , Unani and Chinese medicine for digestive ailments .
Subclinical riboflavin deficiency also happens more easily in women taking the contraceptive pill . It also may happen when people get old , or can not eat properly , or who have sicknesses such as AIDS , inflammatory bowel disease , diabetes and chronic heart disease .
Insects land on the leaf , are caught by the surface tension of the water , and suffocate .
Latent autoimmune diabetes of adults -LRB- LADA -RRB- is extremely similar to both Type 1 diabetes and Type 2 diabetes : although the disease is autoimmune , insulin resistance accompanies the disease as it does Type 2 diabetes .
A chemical compound is a chemical made by joining together atoms of different chemical elements .
Frostbite is the localized medical condition where very cold temperatures damage skin and other tissue .
The G-spot , if stimulated , leads to a strong orgasm or female ejaculation .
On admission into the Order of Merit , members can use the post-nominal letters OM , and have the badge of the order , consisting of a golden crown from which is suspended a red enamelled cross , itself centred by a disk of blue enamel , surrounded by a gold laurel wreath , and bearing in gold lettering the words FOR MERIT ; the insignia for the military grouping has a pair of crossed swords behind the central disk .
According to some , a quickie between a heterosexual couple generally satisfies only the man 's desire . Others claim that quickies -LRB- with intercourse or some other form of stimulation of the vulva -RRB- can be `` a major turn-on '' for a woman , too , but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally , and so require the use of a water-based lubricant .
It comes with a special sauce called au jus which is usually made with the juice and fat that came off the roast beef when they were cooking it .
Hemorrhoid or hemorrhoids are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control .
When the Black Death -LRB- bubonic plague -RRB- reached Al Andalus in the 14th century , Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by `` minute bodies '' which enter the human body and cause disease .
Another Andalusian-Arabian physician , Ibn al-Khatib -LRB- 1313 â `` 1374 -RRB- in his treatise On the Plague stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and `` through garments , vessels and earrings .
Sigmund Freud had an important Russian person -LRB- Sergei Pankejeff -RRB- with him in the past , who would have been classified as having the disorder in modern times . Freud named him `` The Wolf Man '' , to protect Pankejeff 's identity .
Clank fixes Ratchet 's ship , so that Ratchet will help him .
Ribulose-1 ,5 - bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase , better known as RuBisCO , is an enzyme that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation in the Calvin cycle . Carbon fixation is a process by which the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose .
It is a symptom usually from the common cold and coughs , but can also be found in people with infections of the adenoids , middle ear , sinus or tonsils .
Chloroplasts have their own genome , which is much smaller than that of free-living cyanobacteria . The DNA which remains shows clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome .
A signal transduction in biology , is a cellular mechanism .
His skin becomes pure , solid white with purple sections on his head , shoulders , forearms , chest and shins .
White chocolate is made of cocoa butter , milk , and sugar .
Arch Coal was formed in July 1997 when the privately held Arch Mineral merged with the publicly traded Ashland Coal , Inc. , which had been formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil .
Cosworth is best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford . Cosworth is in the vehicle name on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth .
It slow weakening began on August 2 as it entered cooler waters , and it officially dissipated on August 6 , though like many Pacific hurricanes , a remnant circulation could be tracked westward for several days afterward .
It has a strong taste , and an unusual texture . It is thixotropic , being a jelly until stirred , when it becomes a syrup -LRB- like other honey -RRB- , but then sets again to a jelly .
They had five children together : Virginia -LRB- Gigi -RRB- Graham Foreman ; Anne Graham Lotz ; Ruth Dienert ; Franklin Graham , and Ned Graham .
In 1933 , Graham 's father forced Graham and his sister Catherine to drink beer until they vomited .
Another type of chromium -LRB- Cr6 + -LRB- chromate , hexavalent chromium -RRB- , in the +6 oxidation state -RRB- can cause cancer or make people sick , even though most people do not get exposed to it much . Hexavalent chromium was important in the movie Erin Brockovich .
They also give an insight into the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC .
Plants grown in sterile soils and growth media often perform poorly without the addition of spores or hyphae of mycorrhizal fungi to colonise the plant roots and aid in the uptake of soil mineral nutrients .
Modern kites are made from synthetic materials , such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics on the sails . They have fiberglass or carbon fiber poles , and use dacron or dyneema for the kite lines .
Before 1508 he had painted a few altar-pieces for the Castle Church at Wittenberg . Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer , Hans Burgkmair and others also worked there .
During Halo 2 the Covenant discovered Earth .
A mood disorder or affective disorder is a type of mental illness where the main problem is the person 's mood .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009 for his discoveries of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres which he shared with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider .
The most popular use of polyester , is polyester suits .
The blood of a cuttlefish is an unusual shade of green-blue because it uses the copper-containing protein hemocyanin to carry oxygen instead of the red iron-containing protein hemoglobin that is found in mammals .
Eating vitamin C prevents scurvy .
In other words , a single fertilized egg cell â `` the zygote â `` changes into the many cell types including neurons , muscle cells , epithelium , blood vessels etc. as it continues to divide .
During morphogenesis , generalised stem cells become the cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells .
Lyme disease or borreliosis , is an infectious disease .
Bubonic plague is the best-known form of the disease plague , which is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis . The name bubonic plague is specific for this form of the disease , which enters through the skin , and travels through the lymphatic system .
In the early 1950s , Monroe and Gregg Palmer both unsuccessfully auditioned for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li ' l Abner television series based on the Al Capp comic strip , but the show was never made .
In addition to Monroe 's problems , Montgomery Clift was often unable to perform due to illness . By the final day of shooting , Thelma Ritter was in hospital because of exhaustion .
She saw a possibility in 20th Century Fox 's upcoming film , The Egyptian , but was stopped by Darryl F. Zanuck who refused to screen test her .
Passive stretching of the muscles is also painful , and trismus , which is similar to tetanus , is common .
In those flowers in which the floral tube is fused with the ovary , the sepals , petals , and stamens appear to grow out from the top of the ovary , and the flower is said to be epigynous and have an inferior ovary .
The women had been bound and gagged and then tossed into the bay with concrete blocks tied to their necks while still alive .
Hepatitis C is a disease caused by a virus in a human blood called the Hepatitis C virus . HCV or `` Hep C '' are shorter names for this disease .
When a person gets a Hepatitis C infection , they can get damage to their liver called hepatitis .
A VIPoma -LRB- Pronounced `` V I P oma '' -RRB- -LRB- also called Verner Morrison syndrome after the doctors who first noticed it -RRB- , is a tumor that does not happen a lot -LRB- 1 per 10,000,000 per year -RRB- in the pancreas . VIPoma makes something called vasoactive intestinal peptide , or VIP .
In mammalian cells about two metres of linear DNA have to be packed into a nucleus of roughly 10 Â m diameter .
The foreskin is a fold of skin that covers the glans penis . The foreskin protects the glans penis when the penis is not erect .
Another medicine must be given with chloroquine for P. vivax and P. ovale .
It was believed , but had not been proven , that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long QT Syndrome .
Red Bull contains taurine , glucuronolactone , caffeine , B vitamins , sucrose and glucose .
There are 2 main types of Lung cancer , small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer .
Lung cancer is the malignant change and growth of lung tissue .
The Colossal Squid is bigger than a giant squid .
He became famous in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC dramedy , Soap , and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and the 1990s , appearing in the box office successes When Harry Met Sally ... and City Slickers .
Many other herbs may be used as well , such as hyssop , melissa , star anise , petite wormwood -LRB- Artemisia pontica or Roman wormwood -RRB- , angelica root , Sweet Flag , dittany leaves , coriander , veronica , juniper , nutmeg , and various mountain herbs .
For example , a sample of water has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether the sample came from a river or was made in a laboratory .
Auschwitz II and the remains of the gas chambers are also part of the museum .
After days of starvation , Bobby Jon brought a giant clam for his tribe ; hoping that it would help them win the next Immunity Challenge .
In a twist that would used in later seasons , the first player to lose the individual immunity challenge had to spend the night alone on a separate island .
With the others -LRB- including Stephenie -RRB- jumping off for different food items , Tom was the last man standing and won Immunity .
He was famous for his work on smallpox and the myxoma virus .
Toes are the digits of the foot of an animal .
Public school buildings acted as shelters , and were for refuge only , meaning they did not provide food , cots , blankets , medications or other comfort items .
Some fungi , though , can use tellurium instead of selenium or sulfur .
Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex , the Danish group HÃ st and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group , the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time ; the periodical Cobra , a series of collaborations between various members called Peintures-Mot and two large-scale exhibitions .
Saliva is the watery substance made in the mouths of humans and some animals .
Appendicitis is a medical condition .
Hydrothermal vent communities are able to sustain such vast amounts of life because vent organisms depend on chemosynthetic bacteria for food .
A reporter asked Larry why he had done it . Walters said , `` A man ca n't just sit around . ''
He put on a parachute and used belts to hold himself in the chair . He took his pellet gun , a CB radio , sandwiches , cold beer , and a camera .
Some additives have been used for centuries , like salting fish or using vinegar to preserve vegetables -LRB- called pickling -RRB- .
Local hard disks are fast compared to other storage devices , such as remote servers , local tape drives , or optical jukeboxes .
The 24th movie in the list of Disney animated movies , the movie is about two unlikely friends , a red fox and a hound dog , who have trouble preserving their friendship because of their emerging instincts .
The movie stars the voices of Kurt Russell , Mickey Rooney , Pearl Bailey , Pat Buttram , Sandy Duncan , Richard Bakalyan , Paul Winchell , Jack Albertson , Jeanette Nolan , John Fiedler , John McIntire , Keith Mitchell , and Corey Feldman .
Rise Against released their first two records -LRB- The Unraveling , and Revolutions Per Minute -RRB- on Fat Wreck Chords , and their next two -LRB- Siren Song of the Counter Culture , and The Sufferer & the Witness -RRB- on Geffen .
Much later , he worked on the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA . This is the most reliable method of altering animal genomes at present , and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice .
The bronchi have cartilage as part of their supporting wall structure . The trachea divides to form the right and left main bronchi .
The tre cassyn also appears on the Manx Sword of State , which is popularly said to date to the time of King AmlaÃ b mac Gofraid -LRB- d. 1237 -RRB- , although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century .
The Ilama is usually chilled when served , it is sometimes served with a little cream and sugar to intensify the flavor , or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to bring in a tart and bitter tinge .
On 13 September 2008 , Lee , 84 , underwent successful treatment for abnormal heart rhythm -LRB- atrial flutter -RRB- at Singapore General Hospital , but he was still able to address a philanthropy forum via video link from hospital .
A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism , that is to say a virus or bacterium or fungus .
The Ancient Olympic Games were a series of athletic competitions held between the city-states of Ancient Greece . They used to be called the Olympic Games -LRB- ; Olympiakoi Agones -RRB- until the modern day Olympic Games started .
They have small eyes and poor sight , and hunt in the early evening and at night , using their hearing and long , sensitive whiskers to locate prey .
He died on November 13 , 2004 due to an accidental drug overdose on a lethal mixture of cocaine and the prescription drug Tramadol .
It causes disease in humans and plants and can live in symbiosis with plants and fungi . It is found in soil , water , the rhizosphere , and in many animals .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- Leaf transpiration occurs through stomata , and can be thought of as a necessary `` cost '' associated with the opening of the stomata to allow the diffusion of carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis .
The transpiration ratio is the ratio of the mass of water transpired to the mass of dry matter produced ; the transpiration ratio of crops tends to fall between 200 and 1000 -LRB- i.e. , crop plants transpire 200 to 1000 kg of water for every kg of dry matter produced -RRB- .
This is also called a Gunter 's chain , surveyor 's chain or land chain .
The most memorable of these was his victory on the Champs - Ã lysÃ es in Paris where he won by a huge margin ; almost 30m , with his own lead out man , Mark Renshaw having enough time to come in 2nd with his arms raised .
Measles is sometimes also called rubeola , but it is not the same as rubella -LRB- German measles -RRB- .
; RNA viruses : Replication usually takes place in the cytoplasm .
However , some viruses including those causing AIDS and viral hepatitis evade these immune responses and result in chronic infections .
Then a biochemical pathway , called the RISC complex , starts up . This attacks the viral mRNA , and the cell survives the infection .
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses , but several antiviral drugs have been developed .
Other things such as the length of an arm wrestler 's arm , his\/her muscle and arm mass\/density , hand grip size , wrist endurance and flexibility , reaction time , as well as countless other traits , can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another .
The reading dome 's original high windows were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 because water was getting into the building .
Orthopox : variola virus , vaccinia virus , cowpox virus , monkeypox virus , smallpox -LRB- eradicated -RRB- ; Parapox : orf virus , pseudocowpox , bovine papular stomatitis virus ; Yatapox : tanapox virus , yaba monkey tumor virus ; Molluscipox : molluscum contagiosum virus -LRB- MCV -RRB- .
The sundae is an ice cream dessert . It typically consists of a scoop of ice cream topped with sauce or syrup , and in some cases other toppings including chopped nuts , sprinkles , whipped cream , or maraschino cherries .
It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism is too thin .
Guitarist Marc Moreland died of kidney and liver failure on March 13 , 2002 .
On the undercard , Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane , The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter , and Maryse and Gail Kim wrestled against Team Lay-Cool -LRB- Layla and Michelle McCool -RRB- in a tag team match .
Most baking powders are made up of an alkaline -LRB- usually baking soda -RRB- , one or two acid salts , and a starch -LRB- cornstarch or sometimes potato starch -RRB- .
To play games , there were small objects called cartridges that you put into the Game Boy to play the game in the cartridge .
Duve won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 for describing the structure and function of lysosomes and peroxisomes in the cell . Duve shared the Nobel prize with Albert Claude and George E. Palade .
He compared the effects of various different acidic substances , ranging from vinegar to cider , on groups of afflicted sailors , and found that the group who were given oranges and lemons had largely recovered from scurvy after 6 days .
Wind power is the conversion of the energy in wind into a more useful form of energy , like electricity .
Brown died in Warrenton , Virginia on August 15 , 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome -- being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's Disease , since 1999 .
It is made by reacting selenium with a solution of sodium in liquid ammonia .
Some types of xanthan gum are made with wheat , corn or soy and could cause allergic reactions .
Coeliac disease sufferers and other people who are sensitive to gluten and other allergens may need to be careful how much xanthan gum is in their food . Some types of xanthan gum are made with wheat , corn or soy and could cause allergic reactions .
Xanthan gum also helps to keep spices and other solid bits of food evenly distributed in a liquid . Xanthan gum , guar gum and locust bean gum help to give ice cream and other frozen foods a creamy texture .
Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum to give the toothpaste a smooth texture .
During meiosis , there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome .
Cell reproduction that uses mitosis can reproduce eukaryotic cells . Eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage .
He and John Hayes Hammond left for Africa to bring back to the United States large animals such as Giant Eland , hippopotamus , zebra , and various bird species for breeding for future hunting .
The scars , or leaf cushions , were composed of green photosynthetic tissue , evidenced by the cuticle covering and being dotted with stomata , microscopic pores through which carbon dioxide from the air diffuses into plants .
The halogens are chemical elements under the second-to-right column in the periodic table , also known as Group 17 . The elements in the group are fluorine , chlorine , bromine , iodine , astatine , and ununseptium .
Joey Ramone -LRB- b. Jeffery Hyman -LRB- May 19 , 1951 - April 15 , 2001 -RRB- was an American punk musician and founder member of The Ramones , in which he was lead singer , along with Dee Dee , Tommey and Johnny Ramone .
The cryosphere is the part of the Earthâ s surface where water is in solid form , including sea ice , lake ice , river ice , snow cover , glaciers , ice caps and ice sheets , and frozen ground -LRB- which includes permafrost -RRB- .
There are some reducing agents -LRB- chemicals that reduce another chemical -RRB- that can be used . Methanol -LRB- an alcohol -RRB- , sulfur dioxide -LRB- a gas made by burning sulfur -RRB- , hydrochloric acid -LRB- a common acid -RRB- , or hydrogen peroxide can be used .
The specific name means `` full below the throat '' and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season .
It causes cancer because of its high benzene content . In low concentrations , however , coal tar is used as a topical medicine .
Lip balm is often used during the winter , because the cold winter winds can dry out a person 's lips so that they are cracked and hurting -LRB- this is called having `` chapped '' lips -RRB- .
Renal medullary carcinoma is a rare form of Renal cancer that occurs most often in patients with Sickle cell trait or Sickle cell disease .
The first is the polypoid stage , when the animal takes the form of a small stalk with feeding tentacles ; this polyp may be unable to move around , living on the bottom of the ocean or it may be free-floating .
Like the land plants , green algae contain chlorophylls a and b , and store food as starch in their plastids .
Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words `` 4 REAL '' into his arm with a razor blade -LRB- narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches -RRB- in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic .
In The Tomb of the Cybermen -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , veins were visible through the circular head of the Cyberman Controller and in Attack of the Cybermen -LRB- 1985 -RRB- and `` The Age of Steel '' -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , the Cyber-Controller 's brain is visible through the dome .
In their first appearance in the series , the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands , but by their next appearance in The Moonbase -LRB- 1967 -RRB- , their bodies were entirely covered up in their metal suits , with their hands replaced by two finger claws , but changed back to regular five finger hands in The Invasion -LRB- 1968 -RRB- .
They include aluminium adjuvants , squalene , squalene and phosphate adjuvants .
When the virulent version of an agent comes along the body recognizes the protein coat on the virus , and thus is prepared to respond , by -LRB- 1 -RRB- neutralizing the target agent before it can enter cells , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- by recognizing and destroying infected cells before that agent can multiply to vast numbers .
While the majority of vaccines are dead , inactivated or attenuated organisms , purified products derived from them , some vaccines are synthetic vaccines . The latter are composed mainly or wholly of synthetic peptides , carbohydrates or antigens .
Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases , because there is little revenue potential , the financial and other risks are great .
This phenomenon was first noted in the trivalent Sabin polio vaccine , where the amount of serotype 2 virus in the vaccine had to be reduced to stop it from interfering with the `` take '' of the serotype 1 and 2 viruses in the vaccine .
In the 20th century vaccines were introduced against diphtheria , measles , mumps , and rubella .
Principles that govern the immune response can now be used in tailor-made vaccines against many noninfectious human diseases , such as cancers and autoimmune disorders .
Preservatives in vaccines , such as thiomersal , phenoxyethanol , and formaldehyde , prevent serious adverse effects .
A central venous catheter -LRB- CVC -RRB- or `` central line '' is a catheter put in a large vein in the neck , chest , or groin when a patient needs close cardiovascular monitoring , for assessment of fluid status , and so that intravenous drugs and fluids can be given to the patient more effectively . The veins most commonly used are the internal jugular vein , the subclavian vein , and the femoral vein .
Indium looks like zinc .
As such , polyploids played a conservative role in evolution since problems with fertility prevented the replication of new genetic material that might lead to a new line of evolution .
Amaranth is a rose-red color that is the color of the flower of the amaranth plant .
On the hand with which he carries his stick , often called the `` stick hand , '' the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm , usually extending just beyond the wrist .
Footprints , eggshells , teeth , and fragments of bone representing theropods , sauropods , and ornithopods have been found , but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level .
Electron transfer chains -LRB- ETC -RRB- are the cellular mechanisms used for extracting energy from sunlight in photosynthesis and also from redox reactions , such as the oxidation of sugars in cellular respiration .
The Glossy-mantled Manucode -LRB- Manucodia ater -RRB- is a medium-sized bird of paradise , around 42cm long , glossed green , blue and purple black with a red iris , black bill , long tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers .
Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico .
The traditional jersey , and traditional guernsey , are dyed a navy blue color , using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil , rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant .
Some of her most performed roles include ; Susanna -LRB- Le nozze di Figaro -RRB- , Despina -LRB- Cosi fan tutte -RRB- , The Queen of the Night -LRB- The Magic Flute -RRB- , Rosina -LRB- Il barbiere di Siviglia -RRB- , Adina -LRB- L'elisir d'amore -RRB- , Norina -LRB- Don Pasquale -RRB- , Lucia -LRB- Lucia di Lammermoor -RRB- , Gilda -LRB- Rigoletto -RRB- , Oscar -LRB- Un ballo in maschera -RRB- , Nanetta -LRB- Falstaff -RRB- , Olympia -LRB- Les contes d'Hoffman -RRB- , Sophie -LRB- Der Rosenkavalier -RRB- , Zerbinetta -LRB- Ariadne auf Naxos -RRB- , etc.
Mike Epps -LRB- born 18 November 1970 -RRB- is an American actor in such movies as Next Friday and Friday After Next alongside Ice Cube and Open Season 2 and Open Season 3 .
The primitive Liphistiidae , the `` trapdoor spiders '' -LRB- family Ctenizidae -RRB- and many tarantulas are ambush predators that lurk in burrows , often closed by trapdoors and often surrounded by networks of silk threads that alert these spiders to the presence of prey .
Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges : they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false `` waists '' to mimic the three distinct regions -LRB- tagmata -RRB- of an ant 's body ; they wave the first pair of legs in form to their heads to mimic antennae , which spiders lack , and to conceal the fact that they have eight legs rather than six . They have large color patches round one pair of eyes to disguise the fact that they generally have eight simple eyes , while ants have two compound eyes ; they cover their bodies with reflective hairs to resemble the shiny bodies of ants .
Various sensors , mostly bristles , respond to touch , from strong contact to very weak air currents .
It was believed that the living had a relationship with the dead where the dead provided everything the living needed -LRB- health , fertility of land and animals , fortune , etc. , -RRB- and the living through offerings could provide the dead with a better place in the spirit world .
The most common case is the removal of the solvent from a solution : Fruit juice concentrate will have most of the water removed .
He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers , bacteria , spermatozoa and blood flow in small blood vessels .
Despite its name , there is no bromine in it -- theobromine comes from Theobroma , the name of the genus of the cacao tree , -LRB- which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo -LRB- `` God '' -RRB- and brosi -LRB- `` food '' -RRB- , meaning `` food of the gods '' -RRB- with the suffix - ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds .
The carbon monoxide turns into carbon dioxide .
Mario Renato Capecchi -LRB- born 6 October 1937 -RRB- is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist . He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Sir Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies .
Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm lowered the oxygen level in the water , threatening many fish and other marine wildlife .
Increases in newt toxicity then apply a selective pressure favoring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance .
Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a T. granulosa newt and survive .
Some newer drugs such as selegiline and moclobemide have proven to be safer than the older MAOIs and are prescribed by physicians in the first instance .
People can get infected if they inhale endospores or touch the milk , urine , feces , vaginal mucus , or semen of infected animals .
Some of the most common include breast cancer , brain cancer , leukemia , testicular cancer , mesothelioma , and lung cancer .
He stated that the removal should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed . This included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor .
Alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms , such as bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -LRB- also called secondary metabolites -RRB- .
A man who often has problems having or keeping an erection of his penis is said to have erectile dysfunction . Erectile dysfunction is also known as ED , impotence or male impotence .
Fabian , the sixth named storm , fourth hurricane , and first major hurricane of the season . Fabian caused $ 300 million in damage and 8 deaths .
Measuring devices placed in the chamber to calculate the force of the blast were themselves destroyed by the blast , while the skull of the dummy representing King James , which had been placed on a throne inside the chamber surrounded by courtiers , peers and bishops , was found a large distance away from the site .
The diagram above shows the relationship between the genes and protein expression in flies .
The order of the genes on the chromosome is the same as the expression of the genes in the developing embryo . The first gene is expressed in front of the developing organism .
In some organisms , especially vertebrates , the various Hox genes are situated very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters .
These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally .
The hair matrix epithelium is one of the fastest-growing cell areas in the human body , which is why some forms of chemotherapy which kill dividing cells or radiotherapy may lead to temporary hair loss .
Fifty to one-hundred club hairs are shed daily from a normal scalp .
Other structures associated with the hair follicle include arrector pili muscles , sebaceous glands and apocrine sweat glands .
Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor .
Before a baby is born , the epithelium and underlying mesenchyma interact to form hair follicles .
The external root sheath appears empty with cuboid cells when stained with H&E stain .
Around the papilla is the hair matrix , a collection of epithelial cells often mixed with the pigment-producing -LRB- color -RRB- cells , known as melanocytes .
It signals the end of the active growth of a hair .
Its functions are to move the scapulae and support the arm .
As the overhanging jaw and stout teeth are designed for grabbing and crushing , its primary prey may have been large animals and smaller dinosaurs , which it ambushed , dragged into the water , crushed , drowned and then tore apart .
The flower , which has the non-toxic pyrrolizidine alkaloid thesinine , has a sweet honey-like taste and as one of the few truly blue-colored eatable things , is often used to decorate dessert . .
The main things grown in Wyoming is livestock -LRB- beef -RRB- , hay , sugar beets , grain -LRB- wheat and barley -RRB- , and wool .
The ragdoll is a cat breed that is large , with blue eyes , and a semi-longhair soft and silky coat .
Oats are like rye . They are normally thought as a less important crop , i.e. coming from a weed out of the main cereals wheat and barley .
Oat protein is almost the same in quality as soy bean protein , which has been shown by the World Health Organization to be equal to meat , milk , and egg protein .
Some examples of mechanical systems include the flow of a liquid under pressure , the fracture of a solid from an applied force , or the vibration of an ear in response to sound .
The use of machinery in harvesting can cause waste , as harvesters may be unable to discern between ripe and immature crops , or collect only part of a crop .
Cunnilingus is the act of a man or another woman performing oral sex using the mouth , lips , teeth , and tongue to stimulate the female sex organs .
Those go into ducts between the lobes of the gland -LRB- called interlobar or excretory ducts -RRB- .
Salivary duct calculus may block the ducts . This would cause pain and swelling of the gland .
Internal trafficking is a problem in the country ; women are trafficked from rural areas to urban settlements for commercial sexual exploitation .
`` Life Less Frightening '' was the third single from the Chicago punk rock band Rise Against , from their 2004 album , Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
In many , but not all , species of molluscs , the epidermis -LRB- skin -RRB- of the mantle secretes calcium carbonate and conchiolin , and creates a shell .
Interstitial fluid is a type of fluid in the body .
The increase in average life span in the 20th century is credited to public health achievements , such as vaccination programs and control of infectious diseases , effective safety policies of motor-vehicle and occupational safety , improved family planning , chlorination of drinking water , smoke-free measures , and programs on decreasing chronic disease such as cancer , heart disease and more physical exercise .
This reacts with carbon dioxide to make thallium -LRB- I -RRB- carbonate , which is also water-soluble and very heavy .
It is normally made as a large tart . It does n't have a top crust .
Pernick and Wilder identify six major forces , which they call the six Câ s , that are pushing clean technology into the mainstream and driving rapid growth and expansion : costs , capital , competition , China , consumers , and climate .
Other than wells , there may be pipelines to transport the oil elsewhere , and support buildings for the workers and for repairs .
Most cars on the road today in the U.S. can run on blends of up to 10 % ethanol , and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends .
The rectum is a part of the gastrointestinal system .
It can come in many forms , like vanilla , lemon , lime , banana , coconut , and chocolate .
Unlike fossil-fueled power plants , wind farms require no water and generate no carbon dioxide -- a heat-trapping greenhouse gas that is a major contributory component for global warming .
They have short , woolly fur , usually reddish-brown in color , a gray-brown face , yellow-colored cheeks and feet ; pale stomachs , long , golden-brown tails , and two golden stripes on their backsides .
As they are trying to get home , Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah -LRB- Carla Gugino -RRB- who 's never had a human family .
After they return home , a sad Chance is soon together with Delilah .
Scottish Folds can be either long - or short-haired . They may have nearly any coat color or mix of colors -LRB- including white -RRB- except pointed colors .
Ð 3\/4 Ð Ð Ð Ð 1\/2 Ñ Ñ
Ultimately , he cut out the old man 's eyes , tore out his heart , and slashed his throat .
It is also used as flavoring in many Western-style chocolates , candy , and desserts , such as cakes and pastries -LRB- including Swiss rolls and cheesecake -RRB- , cookies , pudding , mousse , and ice cream .
When the bottle is opened , the pressure falls to the normal level , and the carbon dioxide gas escapes very slowly .
To digest it an enzyme called lactase cleaves the lactose into its two subunits glucose and galactose for absorption .
For special occasions , chicken or goose liver , along with veal . Today , both butter and olive oil are used for cooking the Soffritto of small amounts of celery , carrot and onion .
When eaten in extract or tea form it gets rid of mucus in the respiratory tract , which relieves congestion , can regulate blood pressure , and can dispel gas .
It can help with about 81 different illnesses including cancer , bronchitis , insomnia , edema , colds , etc. .
This is because , vitamin A is not soluble in water , and the human body can not get rid of the excess vitamin A easily through urination . Too much vitamin A can make someone very sick .
Brushing the teeth , flossing , undergoing dental work , or eating crunchy foods such as potato crisps relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission , because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth .
Ewing 's sarcoma is a type of bone cancer .
When bacteria touch a phagocyte , they bind to the receptors on the phagocyte and are consumed -LRB- phagocytosed -RRB- .
Due to its fast speed , Georgette could not maintain a closed circulation , and the tropical storm degenerated into a non-cyclonic disturbance .
They go on adventures such as going to the hospital which Freak claims has a secret department called the `` Bionics Department '' which has had his brain cat scanned to be fitted into an artificial body .
Kane gives up on training Max to be his obedient assistant and tries to kill him , but Freak arrives just in time and saves Max by squirting Kane with a squirt gun he claims is filled with sulfuric acid when in fact , it is filled with soap , vinegar , and curry powder .
The upper side of the top wing is dark brown , sometimes having orange on it .
As such , it is located at the roof of the nose , between the two orbits .
The ethmoid bone -LRB- from Greek ethmos , `` sieve '' -RRB- is a bone in the skull that separates the nasal cavity from the brain .
The glans penis -LRB- or just glans -RRB- is the sensitive tip of the penis .
The main idea in this theory is that the molecular composition of the lipid bodies is the preliminary way for information storage , and evolution led to the appearance of polymer entities such as RNA or DNA that may store information favorably .
For example , instead of the reductive citric acid cycle , the `` open '' acetyl-CoA pathway -LRB- another one of the four recognized ways of carbon dioxide fixation in nature today -RRB- would be even more compatible with the idea of self-organisation on a metal sulfide surface .
Ramekins usually have a volume of 50 - , and are dishes commonly used for serving a variety of dishes such as crÃ me brÃ '' lÃ e , French onion soup , Molten chocolate cake , moimoi , cheese or egg dishes , poi , potted shrimps , ice cream , soufflÃ , baked `` cocottes '' , crumbles , or scallops or used to serve side garnishes and condiments alongside an entree .
A mild deficiency will slow down the metabolism , causing decreased tolerance to cold .
Dietary niacin deficiency tends to occur only in areas where people eat corn -LRB- maize -RRB- , the only grain low in niacin , as a staple food , and that do not use lime during meal\/flour production .
It is likely that Oviraptor did have a crest , but its exact size and shape are unknown due to crushing in the skull of the only recognized specimen .
M. tuberculosis then known as the `` tubercle bacillus , '' was first described on March 24 , 1882 by Robert Koch , the bacterium is also known as Koch 's bacillus .
Hurricane Vince quickly began to weaken because wind shear began to erode it .
The contrast to this is Network Attached Storage . Network Attached Storage means attaching a computer with the storage to the network .
In addition to the absence of jaws , modern agnathans are characterised by absence of paired fins ; the presence of a notochord both in larvae and adults ; and seven or more paired gill pouches .
Hagfish are not members of the subphylum Vertebrata , as hagfish do not have vertebrae ; they are rather classified in the more inclusive group Craniata .
K-DST -LRB- Classic rock -RRB- , Playback FM -LRB- Old school Hip-Hop -RRB- , K-Rose -LRB- Country -RRB- , Bounce FM -LRB- Funk -RRB- , K-Jah West -LRB- Reggae and dub -RRB- , Master Sounds 98.3 -LRB- Rare groove , jazz -RRB- , CSR 103.9 -LRB- New Jack Swing and soul -RRB- , Radio Los Santos -LRB- Gangsta Rap -RRB- , SF-UR -LRB- House -RRB- , and WCTR -LRB- News & entertainment -RRB- .
The Horseshoe Falls are the largest out of the three falls . It is named the Horseshoe Falls because it looks like a horseshoe .
69 -LRB- or spelled sixty-nine -RRB- is a sex act in which two people align themselves so that each person 's mouth is near the other 's genitals , simultaneously performing oral sex .
When exposed to antibiotics , most bacteria die quickly , but some may have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible .
He saw soldiers eating chocolate pellets with hard chocolate shells . He decided to make his own chocolate candies .
Radioactive elements give out alpha particles when they go through a kind of radioactive decay , known as alpha decay .
Infants with this disease seem healthy at birth . If the disease is not treated , the person will suffer severe brain damage and eventually die .
The Venetian diarist Marino Sanuto described Anne as `` not one of the handsomest women in the world ; she is of middling stature , swarthiness complexion , long neck , wide mouth , bosom not much raised ... eyes , which are black and beautiful '' .
`` Parkdale '' , Haines and Shaw finished the CD in April and by this time had found a new label â '' Restless Records , the L.A. indie record company that supported They Might Be Giants , Agent Orange , and The Dead Milkmen .
The album under construction included uptempo songs such as the title track `` Grow Up and Blow Away '' , `` Raw Sugar '' , and `` Soft Rock Star '' , and downtempo songs like `` White Gold '' , `` The Twist '' , and `` Rock Me Now '' .
Like some others of its kind Glaucus does not digest the nematocysts ; instead , it uses them to defend itself by passing them from its gut to the surface of its skin .
Michaels used the momentum to take advantage inside the ring , delivering a snapmare and then a low kick to the grounded Austin but as he took time to offend the audience Stone Cold briefly picked up some speed throwing Michaels out of the ring but just as quickly lost ground as his opponent repeatedly worked on Austin 's left knee , throwing it into the ring post and then kicking and dropping onto it back inside the ring .
Hart suffered a cut to the bridge of his nose from a boot to the face , after which Triple H began to only attack Hart 's damaged ankle , dropping his knee onto it and stretching it .
The bird flu virus H3N2 is endemic in pigs in China . It has recently been found in pigs in Vietnam .
Of the 97 recent H3N2 isolates examined , only 41 isolates had strong serologic cross-reactions with antiserum to three commercial SIV vaccines .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -LRB- CDC -RRB- , a United States government agency , reports that the symptoms and transmission of the swine flu from human to human is much like seasonal flu .
The video is 3 minutes and 52 seconds long . It cuts between shots of the band playing and shots of animals being saved or dying , if not already dead .
Behind the mouth is a muscular , sclerotised pharynx , which acts as a pump , sucking the food through the mouth and on into the oesophagus and stomach .
Some of speed metal 's earlier influences include Deep Purple 's `` Fireball '' and Queen 's `` Stone Cold Crazy '' -LRB- which was eventually covered by the thrash metal band Metallica -RRB- , from their 1974 album Sheer Heart Attack , and Deep Purple 's song `` Highway Star '' , from their album Machine Head .
Led Zeppelin 's `` Communication Breakdown '' , first released in January 1969 , could also be said to be an early template for speed metal as mentioned in Mac Randall 's .
The largest group of minerals by far is the silicates -LRB- most rocks are â 95 % silicates -RRB- , which are made largely of silicon and oxygen , also with ions of aluminium , magnesium , iron , calcium and other metals .
For example , a crystal of sodium chloride -LRB- common salt -RRB- is made up of ionic sodium and chlorine , which are held together by ionic bonds .
Examples of monosaccharides include glucose -LRB- dextrose -RRB- , fructose , galactose , and ribose .
Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes ; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic .
In May 2004 she performed as part of `` The Big Session '' and sang Love Will Tear Us Apart as a duet with John Jones of The Oyster Band .
He had severe astigmatism , and a later injury to his right eye , but had specially-designed glasses . At twelve , he enrolled at the Metropolitan Art School to become a commercial artist .
In spastic diplegia in humans , GABA absorption by some nerves becomes impaired , which leads to hypertonia of the muscles signaled by those nerves .
Their snout morphology is ideally suited for piscivory ; their long , narrow snouts afford very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water .
The gharial 's lower anterior margin of orbit -LRB- jugal -RRB- is raised and its mandibular symphysis is extremely long , extending to the 23rd or 24th tooth .
Some symptoms are hoarseness , loss of voice , pain in the throat or ears , and breathing difficulties .
There are other kinds of diabetes , like diabetes insipidus . However , when people say `` diabetes '' , they usually mean diabetes mellitus .
Diabetes is the condition that results from lack of insulin in a person 's blood , or their body has a problem using the insulin it produces -LRB- Insulin resistance -RRB- . There are other kinds of diabetes , like diabetes insipidus .
; Greg Welts -LRB- # 3 -RRB- Active : 1997 â `` 1998 Played : custom percussion , backing vocals Performed in : Slipknot Demo After Colsefini left the band , Greg Welts was brought in to replace him on percussion and backing vocals .
; Jim Root -LRB- # 4 -RRB- Active : 1999 â `` present Plays : guitar Performed in : all Slipknot albums from Slipknot -LRB- 1999 -RRB- to present Jim Root joined the band in 1999 during the end of recording their first album , Slipknot .
; Anders Colsefini Active : 1995 â `` 1997 Played : lead vocals , custom percussion , backing vocals Performed in : Mate .
; Paul Gray -LRB- # 2 -RRB- Active : 1995 â `` present Plays : bass , backing vocals Performed in : all Slipknot albums Paul Gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995 .
Kesler joined the Canucks in 2003 and spent time with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League and Ohio State University .
Apple wood `` makes a wonderfully luxurious firewood with a lovely scent -LRB- smell -RRB- , and smoke from an apple wood fire gives a most excellent flavor to smoked foods , '' including Applewood cheese .
On the road to Bandon , at the village of BÃ al na mBlÃ th -LRB- Irish , `` the Mouth of Flowers '' -RRB- , Collins stopped to ask directions .
The head of the match was made of a mixture of potassium chlorate , sulfur , sugar , and rubber .
E. coli are not usually in food or water .
However , there were some plumbing pipes in the city settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization by 2700 B.C. Plumbing was also used during the ancient civilizations such as the Greek , Roman , Persian , Indian , and Chinese civilizations as they built public baths and needed drinking water , and somewhere to drain waste .
DNA polymerase is an enzyme in the body helps connect deoxyribonucleotides -LRB- nucleotides -RRB- into a piece of DNA . The most famous things that DNA polymerases do is DNA replication .
Chest pain can be caused by ischemia -LRB- a lack of blood and oxygen -RRB- of the heart muscle ; this is called angina pectoris .
He won the 1914 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , for his work on the ear and balance .
It has a long shelf-life and a distinctive sour flavor , both of which result from the lactic acid that forms when the bacteria ferment the sugars in the cabbage .
Sauerkraut -LRB- `` sour herb '' -RRB- directly translated from German or `` sour cabbage '' , is finely shredded cabbage that has been fermented by various lactic acid bacteria , including Leuconostoc , Lactobacillus , and Pediococcus .
The program is based on the Hipparcos Catalogue -LRB- 120.000 Stars -RRB- and allows users to display objects from artificial satellites to entire galaxies in three dimensions in OpenGL .
Kalasha , also spelled as Kalash -LRB- Sanskrit : , kalaÅ a ; literally `` pitcher , pot '' -RRB- , is a metal -LRB- brass , copper , silver or gold -RRB- pot with a large base and small mouth , large enough to hold a coconut .
Generating heated debate , Edward Said devoted a chapter of his book Culture and Imperialism -LRB- 1993 -RRB- to Mansfield Park , arguing that the peripheral position of `` Antigua '' and the issue of slavery demonstrated that colonial oppression was an unspoken assumption of English society during the early nineteenth century .
Many bird species , especially seabirds , can also excrete salt via specialized nasal salt glands , the saline solution leaving through nostrils in the beak .
Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the water , as this compound is soluble and there is ample water available for dilution .
The IPCC also supports other activities , such as the Data Distribution Centre and the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme .
The QuikSCAT -LRB- Quick Scatterometer -RRB- is an earth-observing satellite that provides wind speed and direction information over oceans to NOAA .
Muscular atrophy decreases quality of life as the sufferer becomes unable to perform certain tasks or worsen the risks of accidents while performing those -LRB- like walking -RRB- .
It also develops in several common diseases , including cancer , AIDS , congestive heart failure , Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , renal failure . It may be observed in Dejerine Sottas syndrome , inactivity , as seen when a cast is put on a limb , or upon extended bed rest -LRB- which can occur during a prolonged illness or hostel research -RRB- ; cachexia , burns , liver failure and starvation .
It also develops in several common diseases , including cancer , AIDS , congestive heart failure , Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , renal failure .
It also increases the risks of falling in conditions such as IBM -LRB- inclusion body myositis -RRB- .
Seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate , agar and carrageenan , gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids .
Some of his works are very popular in German speaking countries to this day , such as Der kleine Muck , Kalif Storch and Die Geschichte von dem Gespensterschiff â '' all set in the Orient and Der Zwerg Nase , Das kalte Herz and Das Wirtshaus im Spessart , the three are set in Germany .
He extended this work to populations , calculating the degree of inbreeding of members of populations as a result of random genetic drift . Together with Fisher , he pioneered methods for calculating the distribution of gene frequencies among populations as a result of the interaction of natural selection , mutation , migration and genetic drift .
It involves measurements of voltage change or electrical current flow on a wide variety of scales from single ion channel proteins , to whole tissues like the heart .
Electrophysiology is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues .
In 1994 Asperger Syndrome was added to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders -LRB- DSM-IV -RRB- .
Southern Praying Mantis -LRB- å -- æ 3\/4 è è -RRB- is a Chinese martial art and native to the Hakka people .
All ambulance companies and the NHS Ambulance trusts must follow the same laws , so a private ambulance must have the same equipment and the people working in it be as qualified as the same type of NHS ambulance .
The Crusade was prosecuted by the French and resulted in a reduction in the number of practicing Cathars . It also resulted in a realignment of Occitania , bringing it into the sphere of the French crown .
The middle finger -LRB- also called `` the bird '' , `` the fickle finger of fate '' , `` the curse finger '' , or `` the finger '' is a common insulting hand signal in some countries .
For example , each human cell has about 1.8 meters of DNA , but wound on the histones it has about 90 millimeters of chromatin , which , when duplicated and condensed during mitosis , result in about 120 micrometers of chromosomes .
Cortisol also called the stress hormone , is located in the adrenal gland .
The Elders are to be funded by some of its first members , such as Richard Branson , Peter Gabriel , Ray Chambers , Michael Chambers , Bridgeway Foundation , Pam Omidyar , Humanity United , Amy Robbins , Shashi Ruia , Dick Tarlow , and The United Nations Foundation .
We might look at other graphs , in a progression from cat to mammal to animal , and see that animal is more abstract than mammal ; but on the other hand mammal is a harder idea to express , certainly in relation to marsupial or monotreme .
The Romans believed the smells made by burning castoreum could bring about an abortion . Paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of seizures .
Looks of stress are represented by the likes of -LRB- x_x -RRB- while -LRB- - _ - ; -RRB- is a generic emote for nervousness , the semicolon indicating sweat that occurs during anxiety .
Said Pasha invited de Lesseps to pay him a visit , and on 7 November 1854 he landed at Alexandria ; on the 30th of the same month Said Pasha signed the concession authorizing him to build the Suez Canal .
However , this first ALS therapy offers hope that the assault of ALS may one day be slowed by new medications or combinations of drugs .
Riluzole does not heal the damage already done to motor neurons , and patients taking the drug must be watched for liver damage and other side-effects .
During cycles of global cooling , such as the most recent ice age , enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the Arctic and Antarctica that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea floors that have subsequently re-flooded .
They are made of chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry , and are most of the time eaten cold .
Karyotypes may be studied to gather information about past evolutionary events , such as polyploidy .
The chromosomes are depicted -LRB- by rearranging a microphotograph -RRB- in a standard format known as a karyogram or idiogram : in pairs , ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size .
Evolutionary developmental biology interprets development in the light of evolution .
Examples of finger food are small beef pies , sausage rolls , sausages on sticks , cheese and olives on sticks , chicken drumsticks or wings , spring rolls , small quiches , samosas , onion bhajis , potato wedges , vol au vents , and risotto balls .
Biricodar is dicitrate salt called Incel . It is a pharmaceutical drug made by Vertex Pharmaceuticals in 1999 to help treat ovarian cancer patients .
He concluded that the type II-R had been `` transformed '' into the lethal III-S strain by a `` transforming principle '' that was somehow part of the dead III-S strain bacteria .
Sokka and Toph are separated from Suki and attack another airship , but Sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm grabbing hold of Toph , who was falling off the ship .
As a chemist , Michael Faraday discovered benzene , invented an early type of Bunsen burner , and popularized terminology such as anode , cathode , electrode , and ion .
Each pixel of a LCD is typically made of a layer of molecules which are aligned between two transparent electrodes . There are also two polarizing filters , one on each side .
Because of this , these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage -LRB- the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state -RRB- .
Naltrexone can help with overdose , but naloxone is more helpful in those cases .
An endorheic basin , also called an internal drainage system , is a drainage basin , or watershed , that does not flow to one of the Earth 's major oceans .
So , as well as Jesus , there are small parts for Judas , Peter , two high priests , Pontius Pilate , Pilate 's wife , two witnesses and two ancillae -LRB- maids -RRB- .
The fallopian tubes -LRB- also known as oviducts and uterine tubes -RRB- connect the ovaries to the uterus , and let the ovum pass into the uterus where they are able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse or other ways , such as artificial insemination . There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the uterus .
The two broad types of mammalian stem cells are : embryonic stem cells , and adult stem cells , which are found in adult tissues .
Stem cells can be grown in cell culture . In culture , they can be transformed into specialised cells , such as those of muscles or nerves .
When the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes , it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly .
There are other kinds of medical thermometers : tympanic thermometers test the temperature of the tympan -LRB- the eardrum -RRB- with infrared ; band thermometers test a person 's temperature on the front of their head .
The scales around its ears , lips , chin , and bottoms of the feet may have three or more of these connections .
In 1772 Jean-Andr Ã Deluc studied the several substances used in thermometers at the time . At the time , new theories of heat were being developed .
Cone cells or simply cones special photoreceptor cells in the retina . They react to light and work best in relatively bright light .
It is usually filled or covered with sweet mung bean paste , red bean paste , raisins , or a sweet , creamy filling made with sesame seeds , pumpkin , beans , pine nuts , and honey .
The unguis is the outside hard layer , which has keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an angle .
Digital Media is a subsidiary of News Corporation .
Usually amulets are gems , statues , coins , drawings , pendants , rings , plants , animals , etc. . Even words can be amulets , such as vade retro satanaâ '' -LRB- Latin , `` go back , Satan '' -RRB- , to make bad luck go away .
On the top side of the fish , there is a mouth , a pair of nostrils , and two lidless eyes .
Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected the Canary Islands and Morocco as a strong extratropical storm .
There are some exceptions : when the mother takes drugs or is infected with tuberculosis or AIDS .
The main Endocrine glands include the pituitary gland , the pancreas , the gonads , the thyroid gland and the adrenal glands .
Groove is the sense of rhythmic `` feel '' or sense of `` swing '' created by music played by a band 's rhythm section -LRB- drums , electric bass or double bass , guitar , and keyboards -RRB- .
Pole vault is a track and field event in which a person uses a long , flexible pole -LRB- which today is usually made either of fiberglass or carbon fiber -RRB- as an aid to leap over a bar .
As the infection goes on , muscle spasms develop in the jaw . This led to the common name of the condition , lockjaw .
It is found in the mineral tantalite .
In the presence of oxygen , facultative anaerobes use aerobic respiration ; without oxygen some of them ferment , some use anaerobic respiration .
Nearly all algae have photosynthetic machinery ultimately derived from the cyanobacteria , and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis , unlike other photosynthetic bacteria such as purple and green bacteria .
Algae lack the various structures that characterize land plants , such as leaves , roots , and other organs that are found in plants .
An adam 's apple is a protrusion in the front of the throat .
Testosterone is an androgen sex steroid hormone .
Red-necked Wallabies have a black nose and paws , white stripe on the upper lip , and a medium gray coat with a red color on their neck .
The expanding tissue constricts these veins . This preventing blood from leaving .
These ice cubes are usually cylindrical , and might have holes through the center .
The color and rich taste of the milk can be attributed to the high oil content and sugars .
Side-effects include acute psychosis , problems with the kidneys Adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis and seizures .
Tropical Storm Barbara in June caused $ 55 million -LRB- 2007 USD -RRB- in crop damage in southeastern Mexico from heavy precipitation .
At a cellular level , there appear to be two main `` designs '' of eyes , one possessed by the protostomes -LRB- molluscs , annelid worms and arthropods -RRB- , the other by the deuterostomes -LRB- chordates and echinoderms -RRB- .
Sine waves have a `` length '' called a wavelength . There are other properties of waves and sine waves , such as their frequency , amplitude , phase , and speed .
DÃ 1\/4 rer appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities , and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns , a piece of coral , some large fish fins , and a wooden weapon from the East Indies .
When Polar bears hunt , they often wait at holes in the ice , where the seals come up to breathe .
NME is an inflammation of the brain and meninges . It is also known as pug dog encephalitis -LRB- PDE -RRB- .
The cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx , where it can be swallowed .
The vomeronasal organ is found at the back of the septum and has a role in finding pheromones .
The ovum is fertilized inside the female body , and the embryo then develops inside the uterus , being fed by the mothers placenta .
Cold deserts are covered with snow or ice .
Skippers also have generally stockier bodies than the other two groups , with stronger wing muscles .
Like other gliding mammals , the Feathertail Glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs ; thicker than that of the other marsupials like the Sugar Glider , but smaller in proportion , extending only between the elbows and knees .
Leptospirosis -LRB- also known as Weil 's disease , canicola fever , canefield fever , nanukayami fever or seven day fever -RRB- is a bacterial disease . It is caused by spirochaetes of the genus Leptospira .
It was first described by Adolf Weil in 1886 . At the time he reported an `` acute infectious disease with enlargement of spleen , jaundice and nephritis '' .
She has won the Academy , Golden Globe , BAFTA and Screen Actors Guild Award .
It found that people who use chopsticks regularly have a slightly higher risk of getting arthritis in the hand . With this , cartilage gets worn off , which causes pain in the joints of the hand .
It has a hole in the top where a BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel can be put and a small tube in the side where a vacuum can be attached .
Afterwards he said his riding was never the same , because he always be in pain , especially while climbing .
He noticed that the dogs tended to salivate before food was actually delivered to their mouths , and set out to investigate this `` psychic secretion '' , as he called it .
He won the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine , along with Santiago RamÃ n y Cajal , for their work on the parts of the nervous system .
Real growth was not possible , however , until they stopped relying on small invertebrates as their main food source and started to eat plants or other vertebrates , or returned to the water .
He further argued that , as humans develop , they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of development -- first in the oral stage -LRB- exemplified by an infant 's pleasure in nursing -RRB- , then in the anal stage -LRB- exemplified by a toddler 's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels -RRB- , then in the phallic stage .
Aedes aegypti is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever , Chikungunya and yellow fever viruses , and other diseases .
At standard temperature and pressures beryllium resists oxidation when exposed to oxygen .
Owls use small feathers on the beak and the feet that help it feel the prey it catches .
The process of dissolving carbon dioxide gas is called carbonation .
Carbonated water , also known as sparkling water , fizzy water , seltzer , and water with gas , is plain water into which carbon dioxide gas has been dissolved .
The term prostatitis refers in its strictest sense to histological -LRB- microscopic -RRB- inflammation of the tissue of the prostate gland , although historically the term has loosely been used as a rubric to describe a set of quite different conditions .
The illness can cause severe pneumonia and infections of the urinary tract , bloodstream and other parts of the body .
Diabetes mellitus type 1 , also called type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disease . People with this condition are insulin dependent-they require insulin injections without which they may die .
Arnold had an Indian messenger sent into the camp of British Brigadier General Barry St. Leger with news that the approaching force was much larger and closer than it actually was ; this convinced St. Leger 's Indian support to abandon him , forcing him to give up the effort .
Eukaryote aerobic respiration produces about 34 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule .
Ventricular fibrillation -LRB- often shortened to VF or V-Fib -RRB- is a cardiac arrhythmia in which there is an uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of the ventricles in the heart .
The Popsicle ice pop was accidentally invented in 1905 by 11-year-old Frank Epperson . Epperson left a mixture of powdered soda and water and a stirring stick in a cup on his porch .
Curds are a dairy product made by curdling milk with rennet or yeast so that it separates , and taking away the liquid part -LRB- called whey -RRB- .
The powder has powdered gelatin , sugar , and artificial sweeteners .
Like all cnidarians , Hydra uses nematocysts , stinging cells which disable its prey .
In addition to DNA polymerase , other enzymes at the fork help to start and continue the DNA synthesis .
Ketosis occurs when ketone bodies are released into the bloodstream due to low glycogen levels in the liver .
New , well-preserved finds such as Alxasaurus in 1993 and Beipiaosaurus in 1996 provided details about the bird-like pelvis , feet and skulls of primitive members . This helped confirm they belonged to the same group of theropod dinosaurs as Therizinosaurus and that therizinosaurs were , more specifically , advanced , herbivorous maniraptoran theropods .
Zinc is only found as zinc compounds .
Zinc is used in the US penny , where it only has a thin layer of copper . The core is zinc .
The amount of vitamin C in foods of plant origin depends on the kind of plant , the kind of soil where it grew , how much rain and sun it got , the length of time since it was picked , and how it was stored since then .
It is also a cofactor in at least eight enzymatic reactions , including several collagen synthesis reactions that cause the most severe symptoms of scurvy when they are dysfunctional .
They jump on its neck and slash with their retractable toe claws , killing their prey .
Energetics is a wide field of study .
One Himalayan specialty is the momo , a dumpling stuffed with vegetables , cottage cheese or minced yak meat , beef or pork and flavored with Sichuan pepper , garlic , ginger and onion .
Some animals also have hair like this , and people sometimes also call this hair a beard .
It is possible to run FreeNAS from a Live CD , with the configuration files stored on an MS-DOS-formatted floppy disk .
Introns are found in the genes of most organisms and many viruses , and can be located in a wide range of genes , including those that generate proteins , ribosomal RNA -LRB- rRNA -RRB- , and transfer RNA -LRB- tRNA -RRB- .
As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed , the flames had burned away his immortality and healed the wound .
If each antibody was coded by one gene , it would take millions of genes to protect against any type of antigen .
There are also different kinds of starch , like laundry starch , which gives clothing a smooth and crisp feel . Sweat and dirt from a personâ s wrist and neck will stick to the starch on the clothes , not to the fibers of the clothes , and will wash away along with the starch .
It is different from most breads because it is a quick bread , using baking powder to rise . There are many different kinds of banana bread .
Males pheasants are usually larger than the females , and they have feathers of bright colors and long tails .
Also faring well were the album 's other three singles , `` Give It All '' -LRB- number 37 -RRB- and `` Life Less Frightening '' -LRB- number 33 -RRB- and `` Paper Wings '' .
Despite its big commercial success , Siren Song of the Counter Culture is not Rise Against 's highest charting album on the Billboard 200 , peaking at number 136 ; subsequent albums The Sufferer & The Witness and Appeal to Reason both charted higher , peaking at number 10 and number 3 .
As Simon Callow once said : â Gambon 's â iron lungs and overwhelming charisma are able to command a sort of operatic full-throatedness which triumphs over hard walls and long distances .
It was created in 1934 by A.W. Leo , Tom Yates , and Ralph Harrison as an ice cream topping , and customers later discovered that it was an appealing drink when mixed with water .
Howard weakened further , becoming a tropical depression on September 5 and degenerated into a remnant low later that day .
Addition of water to a burning hydrocarbon such as oil or wax produces a deflagration .
In the end , Hurricane Alicia killed 21 people and caused $ 2 billion in damage -LRB- $ 5.27 billion in 2006 dollars -RRB- .
Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide .
The infection is one of the most common sexually transmitted infections in people worldwide -- about 2.8 million cases of chlamydia infection occur in the United States each year .
Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide . The World Health Organization estimates that it accounted for 15 % of blindness cases in 1995 , but only 3.6 % in 2002 .
Drugs did not have to be checked for safety . But in 1937 , a drug called Elixir Sulfanilamide killed more than 100 people .
He mostly worked in Northern Europe , especially the Netherlands and Germany , where a number of his instruments survive to the present day .
Barium hydroxide is used in titrations . If sodium hydroxide solution is used , some sodium carbonate may be in there .
The bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa causes infections in weakened insects .
`` Cluster '' refers to the tendency of these headaches to occur periodically , with active periods interrupted by spontaneous remissions .
After infection with the disease , the body -LRB- usually -RRB- gains the ability recognize the similar smallpox virus from its antigens and so is able to fight the smallpox disease much more efficiently .
Symptoms of infection with cowpox virus in humans are localized , pustular lesions generally found on the hands and limited to the site of introduction .
The virus that causes cowpox was used to perform the first successful vaccination against another disease .
This is believed to be due to its close proximity to land and colds waters being brought up due to Henriette 's slow movement .
The remnants of Henriette caused flash floods and surface water 8 -- 12 inches -LRB- 20 -- 30 cm -RRB- deep which covered roads with depths up to 1.5 inches -LRB- 4 cm -RRB- in the U.S. States of New Mexico and Texas .
Their blue blood 's hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen most efficiently , aided by gills with especially large surface area .
The smaller animals frequent much deeper waters , perhaps feeding on marine snow -LRB- falling organic detritus -RRB- .
In a threat response called `` pumpkin '' or `` pineapple posture '' , the Vampire Squid inverts its caped arms back over the body , presenting an ostensibly larger form covered in fearsome-looking though harmless spines -LRB- called cirri -RRB- . The underside of the cape is heavily pigmented , masking most of the body 's photophores .
Needle aspiration biopsy -LRB- NAB -RRB- , also known as fine needle aspiration cytology -LRB- FNAC -RRB- , fine needle aspiration biopsy -LRB- FNAB -RRB- and fine needle aspiration -LRB- FNA -RRB- , is a medical procedure performed to diagnose certain kinds of medical conditions , such as lumps in the neck . A thin needle is inserted into a mass or lump to extract cells that will be examined under a microscope .
A frame process can create multiple tab processes , each of which can be of a different integrity level ; each tab process can host multiple web sites .
The Windows help and support system will also not function due to the heavy reliance on HTML help files and components of IE .
The mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 mm . The body of the Short-beaked Echidna is , except for the underside , face and legs , covered with cream-coloured spines .
By contraction of various parts of this muscle the Short-beaked Echidna can change shape . The most common shape change is achieved by rolling itself into a ball when threatened , protecting its belly and presenting a defensive array of sharp spines .
When the tongue is retracted , the prey is caught on backward-facing keratinous `` teeth '' , located along the roof of the buccal cavity . This allows the animal to both capture and grind food .
Sticking out the tongue is achieved by contracting the circular muscles that change the shape of the tongue and force it forward , and contraction of two muscles attached to the caudal end of the tongue and to the mandible .
They have fur between the spines , which ranges in color from honey to a dark reddish-brown and even black . The underside and short tail are also covered in fur .
Transformation did not become routine procedure in laboratories until 1972 when Cohen successfully transformed Escherichia coli by treating the bacteria with calcium chloride .
By removing the genes in the plasmid which caused the tumor and adding in new genes researchers were able to infect plants with A. tumefaciens and let the bacteria insert their chosen DNA into the genomes of the plants .
Rete testis is a network of small tubules found in the part of the testicle that carries sperm . They can sometimes get cysts .
Parliamentary systems usually have a head of government and a head of state . The head of government is the prime minister , and the head of state often being an elected -LRB- either popularly or through parliament -RRB- president or hereditary monarch .
His most famous roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy -LRB- 1985-1990 -RRB- ; Alex P. Keaton from Family Ties -LRB- 1982-1989 -RRB- , for which he won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award ; and Mike Flaherty from Spin City -LRB- 1996-2000 -RRB- , for which he won an Emmy , three Golden Globes , and two Screen Actors Guild Awards .
Males have one X and one Y chromosome ; females have two X chromosomes . Many of the genes involved in making color vision work are on the X chromosome .
Medical science tells about two types of carbohydrates : simple carbohydrates , and complex carbohydrates .
The Earth 's core is partially liquid , while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be completely solid , because the cores do not make a magnetic field .
The term `` Belly dance '' is translated from the French `` danse du ventre '' .
Beriberi is a disease of the nervous system caused by a person not getting enough thiamine in the diet .
Thiamine is needed to breakdown food such as glucose . It is also found on the membranes of neurons .
The ammonium carbonate is exposed to air to decompose any bicarbonate and then is sold .
The herb mÃ huÃ ng -LRB- é '' é '' , Ephedra sinica -RRB- is used in traditional Chinese medicine . It has ephedrine and pseudoephedrine in it .
Pancreatic cancer is cancer affecting the pancreas . It has a poor prognosis , with less than 5 % of patients surviving beyond five years after the cancer has been diagnosed .
Sir Peter Brian Medawar OM CBE FRS -LRB- 28 February 1915 -- 2 October 1987 -RRB- was a British biologist .
In common speech , the word `` bandage '' is often used to mean a dressing , though technically the two are different things .
This is done by messenger RNA -LRB- mRNA -RRB- .
Then the mRNA moves from the nucleus to the ribosomes in the cytoplasm to form proteins .
Liquid crystals are special substances that are usually liquid , but that show certain properties of a solid crystal .
Drizzle is the name given to light rain . The drop size of drizzle is smaller than that of rain , about 0.5 mm -LRB- millimeters -RRB- in diameter .
About 83 sq . miles -LRB- 215 kmÂ -RRB- of crop lands were damaged .
She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills . She was said to have suffered from photo allergy -LRB- sunlight burns the skin -RRB- .
Fermentation makes this happen . Lactic acid bacteria changes the milk sugar into lactic acid .
In the gastrointestinal and respiratory tract , movement due to peristalsis or cilia helps remove infectious agents .
olive oil , soybean oil , canola oil , corn oil , sunflower oil , safflower oil , peanut oil , grape seed oil , cashew oil , sesame oil , argan oil and rice bran oil .
Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg -LRB- known as Paul von Hindenburg -RRB- . -LRB- 2 October 1847 â `` 2 August 1934 -RRB- .
It is used to make solid chocolate bars , and mixed with cocoa powder to make solid pieces of chocolate . Cocoa butter is removed from the cacao beans and can be used to make chocolate , pharmaceuticals , ointments , and toiletries .
A Scanner Darkly -LRB- 1977 -RRB- is a bleak mixture of science fiction and police procedural novels . In its story , an undercover narcotics police detective begins to lose touch with reality .
In the USA , practical research into using Tularemia as a bioweapon took place at Camp Detrick in the 1950s .
Tularemia -LRB- also called `` Goblin Fever '' , `` deer-fly fever '' , `` Ohara fever '' and `` Francis disease '' -RRB- is a disease .
The best way to prevent tularemia infection is to wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning rodents or lagomorphs -LRB- as rabbits -RRB- , avoid ingesting uncooked wild game and untreated water sources , and wearing long-sleeved clothes and using an insect repellent to prevent tick bites .
Dietary fiber is the part of food from plants that can not be digested .
The first who reported to have produced Chloroform was the French chemist EugÃ ne Soubeiran , in 1831 . Soubeiran took acetone and ethanol , and used bleach powder for the reaction .
Angina pectoris -LRB- angina of the heart -RRB- is pain which is due to ischemia of the heart muscle . A common cause of angina pectoris is when the heart is working harder than normal e.g. during exercise .
Nazi Germany started a strong anti-tobacco movement and led the first public anti-smoking campaign in modern history .
The link between lung cancer and tobacco was first proved in Nazi Germany , contrary to the popular belief that American and British scientists first discovered it in the 1950s .
On the Oxygen revival , the contestant earned $ 200 , and if no one on the panel guessed , they earned a $ 1,000 prize .
The combined oral contraceptive pill -LRB- COCP -RRB- often shortened to birth-control pill or simply the Pill is a contraceptive for women .
Broad spectrum antibiotics , such as ampicillin and doxycycline , may cause problems `` by impairing the bacterial flora responsible for recycling ethinylestradiol from the large bowel '' -LRB- BNF 2003 -RRB- .
Gruber falls out of the building , nearly taking Holly with him . McClane unties her watch and Gruber falls to his death .
The term originates from the Greek onkos -LRB- Î Î 1\/2 Î Î Ï -RRB- , meaning bulk , mass , or tumor ; and the suffix - ology , meaning `` study of . ''
This was made possible by the evolution of locking knees and a different location of the foramen magnum -LRB- the hole in the skull where the spine enters -RRB- .
These adapted traits are a very small component of the Homo sapiens genome and include such outward `` racial '' characteristics as skin color and nose form in addition to internal characteristics such as the ability to breathe more efficiently in high altitudes .
In the Early Pleistocene , 1.5 â `` 1 mya , in Africa , Asia , and Europe , presumably , some populations of Homo habilis evolved larger brains and made more elaborate stone tools ; these differences and others are sufficient for anthropologists to classify them as a new species , H. erectus .
It usually includes humorous or strange characters and situations . It also includes many supernatural creatures , such as kami -LRB- gods and revered spirits -RRB- , yÅ kai -LRB- monster-spirits -RRB- -LRB- like oni , kappa , and tengu -RRB- , onryÅ -LRB- ghosts -RRB- , dragons , and animals with supernatural powers like the kitsune -LRB- fox -RRB- , tanuki -LRB- raccoon dog -RRB- , mujina -LRB- badger -RRB- , and bakeneko -LRB- transforming cat -RRB- .
In ancient Roman times , this name was applied to several types of stone that would create sparks when struck against steel ; Pliny the Elder described one of them as being brassy , almost certainly a reference to what we now call pyrite .
Long downy feathers covered almost the entire head and neck , torso , upper legs , and the first half of the tail .
The hind wings of Anchiornis were also shorter than those of Microraptor , and were made up of 12 â `` 13 flight feathers anchored to the tibia -LRB- lower leg -RRB- and 10 â `` 11 to the metatarsus -LRB- upper foot -RRB- .
Also unlike Microraptor , the hind wing feathers were longest closer to the body , with the foot feathers being short and directed downward , almost perpendicular to the foot bones .
Mibbit is an online IRC client that is free of charge .
Opium and poppy seeds can be taken from them . A great number of opiates , for example , morphine , thebaine , codeine , papaverine , and noscapine , are made from opium .
Sunscreen -LRB- also known as sunblock , suntan lotion -RRB- is a lotion , spray or other topical product that helps protect the skin from the sun 's ultraviolet -LRB- UV -RRB- radiation , and which reduces sunburn and other skin damage , with the goal lowering your risk of skin cancer .
The San Jose Earthquakes are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in San Jose , California .
Dialysis is where a machine is used to replace a kidney after kidney failure .
The Kuru disease is also known as the laughing sickness due to the pathologic bursts of laughter that the patient displays .
Special arteries connect between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the flow of blood through the capillaries . True capillaries come from mainly from metarterioles and provide movement between cells and the circulation .
Blood moves from the heart to arteries , which branch and narrow into smaller arteries , and then branch more into capillaries .
The mouth of newly born metatherians forms an `` O '' shape into which the mother 's nipple fits . Then it swells to secure the offspring into place .
The next match was a Fatal Four-Way tag match between Rob Van Dam and Booker T , Garrison Cade and Mark Jindrak , The Dudley Boyz -LRB- Bubba Ray and D-Von -RRB- and La RÃ sistance -LRB- RenÃ DuprÃ e and Rob Conway -RRB- for the World Tag Team Championship . The match ended when Conway was pinned by Van Dam after Booker T used his Scissor kick maneuver on Conway .
Percy soon learns that Luke had used the entrance and will lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of camp .
Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against vertebrates are neurotoxins .
The transformation of an Analog signal to Digital information by a Analog-to-digital converter is called sampling .
; Sandboxing Each tab in Chrome is sandboxed to `` prevent malware from installing itself '' or `` using what happens in one tab to affect what happens in another '' .
Scientists have studied oxygen and carbon isotopes from teeth of megafauna . These show sudden , drastic , non-climate-related changes in plants , and in the diet of surviving marsupial animals , as well as the loss of megafaunal species .
Synesthesia is sometimes reported by people using psychedelic drugs , after a stroke , or during an epileptic seizure . It is also reported to be a result of blindness or deafness .
The band 's lead singer and guitarist is Alex Gaskarth . The other band members are guitarist Jack Barakat , bassist Zack Merrick , and drummer Rian Dawson .
The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in the ` primordial strata ' was noted as early as the mid 19th century , and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection .
The music video to the song was filmed in the short period when bassist Paul `` Guigsy '' McGuigan quit the band due to nervous exhaustion ; Scott McLeod came in to replace him .
In 1662 , at the age of 39 , Koxinga died of malaria . Some people said that he died in a sudden fit of craziness when he heard about the death of his father under the Qing .
Due to this growth , in 2005 , Schoep 's opened a $ 7 million , 46,000-square-foot distribution center on Manufacturers Drive , near the Dane County Regional Airport .
the Norman Robert the Mason gave particular attention to solid foundations , running a continuous wall of layered bricks , flints and mortar below and pushing the foundations down to twelve feet to hit bedrock .
Its tolerance of salt and lime , and its dislike of competition from other plants , restrict it to limestone sea cliffs , like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel .
The older way of viral culture has been replaced by shell vial culture , in which the sample is spun onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection ways .
The influenza C virus infects humans and pigs , and can cause severe illness and local epidemics .
Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen , and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal .
Isaviruses infect salmon ; thogotoviruses infect vertebrates and invertebrates , such as mosquitoes and sea lice .
Influenza A viruses are further classified , based on the viral surface proteins hemagglutinin -LRB- HA or H -RRB- and neuraminidase -LRB- NA or N -RRB- . Sixteen H subtypes -LRB- or serotypes -RRB- and nine N subtypes of influenza A virus have been identified .
The first three genera contain viruses that cause influenza in vertebrates , including birds -LRB- see also avian influenza -RRB- , humans , and other mammals .
The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and causes the most severe disease .
During the 2000s , Anton appeared in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm , The King of Queens , Ally McBeal , Lizzie McGuire , Everybody Loves Raymond , and Weekends at the D.L. Anton has also appeared on shows like Premium Blend and Late Friday where he performed his stand-up routine .
During these drills , the National Weather Service gives out test tornado warnings , and local Emergency Alert Systems and\/or NOAA Weather Radio -LRB- normally as a weekly or monthly test -RRB- are sounded , along with outdoor warning sirens .
Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum .
This genus includes the West Nile virus , Dengue fever virus , Tick-borne Encephalitis Virus , Yellow fever virus , and several other viruses which may cause encephalitis .
Most cheeses are acidified to a lesser degree by bacteria , which turn milk sugars into lactic acid , then the addition of rennet completes the curdling .
Most of these are produced by fermentation of the fungus called Mucor miehei . However , others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family .
In two very famous arias -LRB- Rodolfo 's `` Che gelida manina â '' What a cold little hand '' and Mimi 's `` SÃ , mi chiamano MimÃ â '' Yes , they call me MimÃ '' -RRB- , they tell each other about their different backgrounds .
The album has been made available on various formats since its initial release ; both Parlophone and Nettwerk released it as a CD in 2000 , and it was also released as a cassette by newfound US label Capitol in 2001 .
They slept on hard camp cots without pillows when they were healthy , took cold baths in the morning , and had to clean their rooms and sometimes sew .
Gucci Mane has a large tattoo of an ice cream cone tattooed onto his face which he got after he was released from the hospital .
He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1948 for his discoveries discovery of insecticidal qualities and use of DDT in the control of vector diseases .
Their current members are Tim McIlrath -LRB- vocals , guitar -RRB- , Joe Principe -LRB- bass guitar -RRB- , Brandon Barnes -LRB- drums -RRB- , and Zach Blair -LRB- guitar -RRB- .
Rise Against toured North America , Europe , Australia , and Japan in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture .
The unknown warrior was awarded the United States Medal of Honor on October 17 , 1921 . This hangs on a pillar near his burial .
In 1828 Conrad Van Houten of the Netherlands made a mechanical extraction method for taking away the fat from cacao liquor resulting in cacao butter and the mostly de-fatted cacao . It was a compacted mass of solids that could be sold as it was `` rock cacao '' or ground into powder .
A chocolate cake is a cake made with chocolate or cocoa .
About 35 State Emergency Service workers from New South Wales and 20 from Victoria were used to provide a rest for tired staff and volunteers .
And while doctors have no proof of this actually being true , those suffering from cardiovascular disorders -LRB- particularly those recovering from myocardial infarction , or heart attacks -RRB- should resume physical activity -LRB- including sexual intercourse and masturbation -RRB- gradually and with the frequency and rigor which their physical status will allow .
A man whose penis has suffered a blunt trauma or injury during intercourse may rarely sustain a penile fracture or suffer from Peyronie 's disease .
A study published in 1997 found an inverse association between death from coronary heart disease and frequency of orgasm even given the risk that myocardial ischemia and myocardial infarction can be triggered by sexual activity .
Some plant storage organs that are similar to bulbs , but have different names are , tubers , corms -LRB- swollen stems -RRB- , tuberous roots , and pseudobulbs .
Cadmium chloride is made by reacting cadmium oxide , cadmium , or cadmium carbonate with hydrochloric acid .
Quicksand is a non-Newtonian fluid : when undisturbed it often appears to be solid -LRB- `` gel '' form -RRB- , but a minor -LRB- less than 1 % -RRB- change in the stress on the quicksand will cause a sudden decrease in its viscosity -LRB- `` sol '' form -RRB- .
Reform means a useful change , or sometimes reversion to a pure original state .
As Thumper 's mother said : If you ca n't say something nice , do n't say anything at all .
It is the second largest shark -LRB- after the whale shark -RRB- .
A knockout mouse is a genetically engineered mouse in which one or more genes have been turned off by a gene knockout .
A detailed explanation of how knockout -LRB- KO -RRB- mice are produced is at the website of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2007 .
During sexual intercourse , it is common practice to press or massage breasts with hands . Breasts are sensitive to touch as they have many nerve endings .
Sphalerite is a mineral .
Plasmids may carry genes that provide resistance to naturally occurring antibiotics in a competitive environmental niche , or alternatively the proteins produced may act as toxins under similar circumstances .
The opium poppy , Papaver somniferum , is grown for opium , opiates or seeds to be used in cooking and baking .
Testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers ; more than 90 % .
As a drug , it can be used used for the treatment of acne vulgaris and keratosis pilaris .
Hepatitis can also be caused by alcohol .
The most common forms are Hepatitis A , Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C. Most cases of Hepatitis are caused by viruses .
It is also known as sugar of lead , salt of Saturn , and Goulard 's powder . It is used to make other lead compounds .
Also , if the reviewing administrator decides that the block was justified , she will not unblock you unless she is convinced that you understand what you are blocked for , and that you will not do it again .
C. albicans is among the gut flora , the many organisms that live in the human mouth and gastrointestinal tract .
The rhombencephalon -LRB- or hindbrain -RRB- is a name for parts of the central nervous system in vertebrates .
Batista pretended to sign with the SmackDown ! brand , giving Triple H and Flair the `` thumbs up , '' but turned it into a `` thumbs down '' before attacking the pair .
A 30-man Interpromotional Battle Royal , which featured : Booker T , Paul London , Heidenreich , Spike Dudley , Nunzio , Funaki , Doug Basham , Danny Basham , Orlando Jordan , Mark Jindrak , Luther Reigns , Scotty 2 Hotty , Hardcore Holly , Charlie Haas , Billy Kidman , Akio from SmackDown ! and Simon Dean , William Regal , Tajiri , Rob Conway , Sylvain Grenier , Snitsky , The Hurricane , Rosey , Chris Masters , Viscera , Rhyno , Val Venis , Tyson Tomko , Maven from Raw .
The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process , beginning with amino acid synthesis and transcription which are then used for translation .
The program changed from sepia to color film , and the toys in the shop would come to life . There was Gabriel the toad , a rag doll called Madeleine , and a wooden woodpecker which was a bookend -LRB- something to stop a row of books falling over -RRB- called Professor Yaffle .
Each gland makes a ball shape on the wall of each vas deferens . There is a tube linking the seminal glands which opens into the vas deferens and prostate gland .
These pulsar planets are believed to have formed from the unusual remnants of the supernova that produced the pulsar , in a second round of planet formation , or else to be the remaining rocky cores of gas giants that survived the supernova and then decayed into their current orbits .
It is largely made up of the minerals Gibbsite Al -LRB- OH -RRB- 3 , Boehmite Î - AlO -LRB- OH -RRB- , and Diaspore Î - AlO -LRB- OH -RRB- , together with the iron oxides Goethite and Hematite , the clay mineral Kaolinite and small amounts of Anatase TiO2 .
The small intestine is an intestine , and a part of many living beings . It lies between the stomach and the large intestine .
Secretion is the process of releasing chemicals from a cell , or a secreted chemical substance or amount of substance .
Agricultural potential is generally poor , due to the natural infertility of soils and because of the many swamps and lakes left by departing ice sheets , and short growing seasons allow only the hardiest of crops .
Blood vessels that take blood to the heart are veins . Capillaries are located between veins and arteries and they supply tissue with blood and oxygen .
They hunt mainly at night , and as they have poor eyesight , use sensory nodes on their head and body to detect tiny changes in water pressure , allowing them to find their prey .
To make a sound , the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between his chin and lower lip , and blows a stream of air downward , over a notch cut into the end .
Treatment includes taking antacids or other medicines , such as proton pump inhibitors or antibiotics , and avoiding hot or spicy foods .
Mints are sold as squares and come in six flavors : Peppermint , Cinnamon , Wintergreen , Spearmint , Ginger , and liquorice .
A 2002 study of 54 panhandlers in Toronto reported that of a median monthly income of $ 638 CAD , those interviewed spent a median of $ 200 CAD on food and $ 192 CAD on alcohol , tobacco and illegal drugs .
The aluminium oxide forms a solid and releases the mercury , which amalgamates more aluminium .
It has whiskers , black-and-brown ears , and a gold coin on its head .
Folic acid -LRB- also known as vitamin B9 , vitamin Bc or folacin -RRB- and folate , as well as pteroyl-L-glutamic acid , pteroyl-L-glutamate , and pteroylmonoglutamic acid are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9 .
From 150 flowers , the farmer can get about 1 g of dry saffron threads . To produce 12 g of dried saffron -LRB- 72 g freshly harvested -RRB- would take about 1 kg of flowers -LRB- 1 lb for 0.2 oz of dried saffron -RRB- .
The current members of the band are Jared Leto -LRB- lead vocals -RRB- , Tomo MiliÄ eviÄ -LRB- lead guitar -RRB- and Shannon Leto -LRB- drummer -RRB- .
It was probably an active predator , hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each foot .
The cause of conjunctivitis can be either bacterial or viral infection .
Aurochs also had several features not often seen in modern cattle , such as lyre-shaped horns set at a forward angle , a pale stripe down the spine , and different color according to the gender .
Some tablets are inscribed with nothing more than the names of the targets . Some people think that an oral spell may have accompanied the making of the curse .
The acetyl group is part of any organic compounds such as acetylcholine and acetyl-CoA .
Some resemble British pancakes with a tiny diameter ; these are called plÃ ttar , and they are fried several at a time in a special pan .
The Intel Core Solo uses two-cores die as a Core Duo , but one core is turned off .
They greatly excel the Lowlanders in all the exercises that require agility ; they are incredibly abstemious , and patient of hunger and fatigue ; so steeled against the weather , that in traveling , even when the ground is covered with snow , they never look for a house , or any other shelter but their plaid , in which they wrap themselves up , and go to sleep under the cope of heaven .
In the human case , include the hair , forehead , eyebrow , eyelash , eyes , nose , ears , cheeks , mouth , lips , teeth , skin , and chin .
Finely ground marble powder is a component in paints , toothpaste , and plastics ; calcium carbonate can also be reduced under high heat to calcium oxide -LRB- also known as `` lime '' -RRB- , which has many applications including being a primary component of most cements .
She had a daughter , Heather , whom he adopted . McCartney and Linda had three more children together , named Mary , Stella and James .
It may be that Gastornis was an ambush hunter , or used pack hunting techniques to pursue or ambush prey . If Gastornis was a predator , it would have needed some means of hunting prey through the dense forest .
In addition to products to contain the menstrual flow , pharmaceutical companies likewise provide products â '' commonly non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs -LRB- NSAIDs -RRB- â '' to relieve menstrual cramps .
In time of storm it awaits the stroke of the axe which is ` the thunderclap ' ... ` To be wrecked on the Casquets is to be cut into ribbons ; to strike on the Ortac is to be crushed into powder ... On a straight frontage , such of that of the Ortac , neither the wave nor the cannon ball can ricochet ... if the wave carries the vessel on the rock she breaks on it , and is lost ...
Fielding first met Barratt after seeing him perform his solo stand-up performance at the Hellfire Comedy Club in the Wycombe Swan theater .
Tetanospasmin is the neurotoxin produced by the vegetative spore of Clostridium tetani in anaerobic conditions , causing tetanus .
A flood basalt or trap basalt is the result of a giant volcanic eruption or series of eruptions that coats large stretches of land or the ocean floor with basalt lava .
This must be done more than 30 times every second to provide a responsive game input . The actual acquisition frequency and value usually depend on the joystick 's resistance inside , noise , CPU speed and the total joystick-capacitor 's RC time constant .
In 1833 , the Al Maktoum dynasty of the Bani Yas tribe left Abu Dhabi and took over Dubai `` without resistance '' .
There are many different causes of dyspnea .
The Office of United States Director of Central Intelligence -LRB- DCI -RRB- was established by U.S. President Harry Truman on January 23 1946 with Admiral Sidney Souers occupying the position .
Selenium is made by oxidizing selenide ores to selenium dioxide .
The selenium dioxide is dissolved in acidic water to make selenous acid , which is reacted with sulfur dioxide to make selenium as an element .
Stone Cold then dragged a referee into the ring , but then kicked Kurt Angle in the face , Stunned him , and placed Booker T on top of Kurt Angle and told the referee to count .
While Vince was in the ring , Booker T came from behind to deliver his trademark scissor kick to Vince .
Vince McMahon replied that Shane was somewhat accurate in his accusations but ceded that it was wrong for him to back Stone Cold , as he was a rattlesnake that he should have known would eventually bite him .
The Rock , however , Rock Bottomed Vince McMahon and proceeded to shake Shane 's hand , but he then proceeded to Rock Bottom him as well .
For fans who did n't catch it the fifth , tenth or twentieth time they 've run the angle , `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin and Vince McMahon are about to feud once again ... First up was Vincent McMahon labeling Austin with a steel chair as he was waiting to put a dazed RVD away ... Three minutes later , it was Shane McMahon 's turn to hurl Kurt Angle out of the ring and into a steel ring post .
`` While it was good TV , it was n't what everyone thought the WCW vs WWF would have been all about ... When the fans of WWF and WCW reminisced about a WCW vs WWF match back in the glory days of Monday Night Wars of around 1997 , their match would have probably gone like this : WCW would probably have a team of Hollywood Hulk Hogan , Scott Hall , Kevin Nash , Goldberg , and Ric Flair against ... maybe the WWF team of Stone Cold Steve Austin , The Rock , the Undertaker , Shawn Michaels , and Mick Foley .
Bartlet 's staff contemplates replacing Vice President John Hoynes on the ticket with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Percy Fitzwallace -LRB- John Amos -RRB- , among others .
The Devil 's food cake is an old fashioned chocolate cake made of chocolate or cocoa and baking powder . It is moist , soft , rich , and very good for keeping .
Food colorings need to be tested before they can be used .
Aluminium prevents corrosion by forming a small , thin layer of aluminium oxide on its surface . This layer protects the metal by preventing oxygen from reaching it .
The first fossil records of vascular plants , that is , land plants with tissues that carry food , appeared in the second half of the Silurian period .
The Latin roots ad - + renes and the Greek roots epi - + nephros both mean into\/onto the kidney , which is a reference to the adrenal glands .
Bad reactions to epinephrine include heart palpitations , tachycardia , anxiety , headache , tremor , hypertension , and acute pulmonary edema .
When combined with other central nervous system depressants such as alcohol and opiates , the potential for toxicity increases .
Furthermore , the primitive jaw joint between the articular and quadrate bones , which in modern mammals has moved into the middle ear and become part of the ear ossicles as malleus and incus , is still to be found in Morganucodon .
The Elders will be independently funded by a group of Founders , including Richard Branson , Peter Gabriel , Ray Chambers ; Michael Chambers ; Bridgeway Foundation ; Pam Omidyar , Humanity United ; Amy Robbins ; Shashi Ruia , Dick Tarlow ; andThe United Nations Foundation .
First aid treatment for cardiac arrest usually begins with cardiopulmonary resuscitation -LRB- CPR -RRB- to keep oxygenated blood flowing until medical treatment is available .
In addition to the planting of flowers that feed butterflies , other methods of attracting them are building `` butterfly houses '' , with sand for puddling , water to drink , and food items , like rotten fruit .
The endocrine system includes those organs of the body which produce hormones .
There are two different kinds of banana paper : That made from the bark , which is mainly used for art . Paper can also be made from the fiber and from unused fruits .
Bone marrow is a type of tissue that can be found in hollow bones .
Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix or cervical area that can result in malignance and death .
An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be used to quickly contact emergency services for assistance . Many countries ' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number , sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number .
The FDIC insures 7,895 different banks or institutions .
Liver cancer are malignant tumors on\/in a liver .
The most common form of acne is called acne vulgaris , which means common acne .
Steve Austin -LRB- born Steven Anderson on December 18 , 1964 , later Steven Williams -RRB- , better known by his ring name `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin is a retired Professional wrestler known for his work within the WWE .
Just like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra , the text shows a clearly christian origin .
In 2007 , breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 2 % of all deaths -RRB- in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives .
In 2005 , breast cancer caused 502,000 deaths -LRB- 7 % of cancer deaths ; almost 1 % of all deaths -RRB- in the world . Among all women in the world , breast cancer is the most common cancer .
Prostate cancer is a disease in which cancer develops in the prostate , a gland in the male reproductive system .
In this episode , Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames `` The Itchy & Scratchy Show '' for Maggie 's actions .
It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon .
This works by convection ; the heat is taken from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant .
This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object . The process will work better if there is more surface area on the object or if the item 's mass can be made smaller .
Bronchitis is an inflammation of the bronchi .
Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecologic cancer in the United States : over 35,000 women are diagnosed each year .
Endometrial cancer is a condition involving the endometrium -LRB- lining of the uterus -RRB- .
They were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern . They often look like a wagon wheel laying flat .
The fleshy external end of the nasal septum is sometimes also called columella .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency , or FEMA , is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security . The purpose of FEMA -LRB- begun by Presidential Order on March 30 , 1979 -RRB-
How the concentrations of ions and the membrane transport proteins influence the value of the resting potential is outlined below .
It can also describe practices used along with conventional medicine .
The circulation became better organized as convection modestly increased over the center , and within 6 hours of its formation , the system turned into a tropical depression .
Officials in New Orleans opened three emergency shelters , stating the possible need of shelter for citizens in about 17,000 FEMA trailers after Hurricane Katrina .
Together , the wind shear and low-level helicity created moderate convection across central Florida associated with the precursor low pressure system .
In spite of its bad organization , with a disorganized circulation and an upper-level low aloft , the National Hurricane Center started advisories on Subtropical Depression Ten at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles -LRB- 60 km -RRB- south of St. Vincent Island , Florida , stating `` the potential for additional development right along the coastline . ''
Moving northwestward , the depression came onto land near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22 , and shortly later , it dissipated over southeastern Alabama .
Shortly thereafter , an inland tropical storm warning was given out for Pearl River , Walthall , and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana .
Exxon Mobil stopped its production by about 1,000 barrels of oil and 55,000 ftÂ -LRB- 1,500 mÂ -RRB- . With 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production stopped because of the depression , oil prices rose higher after days of increasing levels , and on September 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .
By September 17 , the contact between a tropical wave and the end of a cold front created huge amounts of thunderstorms over the Bahamas and western Atlantic Ocean .
There are 2 main types of Lung cancer , small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer .
The large majority of people who get lung cancer have smoked for many years . However , there are certain types of lung cancers that appear in otherwise healthy patients who have never smoked .
Currently , lung cancer is the leading causing of cancer death in women , killing more women than breast cancer , ovarian cancer and uterine cancers together . The large majority of people who get lung cancer have smoked for many years .
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine is one of many Nobel Prizes which were created by Alfred Nobel . This award is given by the Karolinska Institutet , which is a major medical center in Sweden .
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine is one of many Nobel Prizes which were created by Alfred Nobel .
Life insurance has different types of policies .
The album is split in two , with tracks 1 through 7 being played by electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines and tracks 9 through 13 using traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ .
Topics such as sanctity of marriage , adultery , alcoholism , prostitution , and religion are seen throughout the album . Guitarist Ryan Ross also relates two of the songs to living with an alcoholic father .
Laws of nature are distinct from the law , either religious or civil , and should not be confused with the concept of natural law .
While the majority of vaccines are dead , inactivated or attenuated organisms , purified products derived from them , some vaccines are synthetic vaccines .
Possible methods include liposomes and ISCOM -LRB- immune stimulating complex -RRB- .
Sometimes , this is because the host 's immune system simply does not respond adequately or at all .
Vaccines may be monovalent or multivalent .
Most vaccine development to date has relied on governments , universities and non-profit organizations .
The filing of patents on vaccine development processes can be viewed as an obstacle to the development of new vaccines .
The Cramps are widely recognized as one of the prime innovators of psychobilly , and they inspired many of the early gothic rock bands .
It is not common but can be found in cattle , sheep , goats , and other household animals , including cats and dogs .
Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads . He said that it was contagious .
He later added - oma after the word . It is Greek for swelling .
The veins of the cut surface of solid malignant tumor looks like a crab : `` the veins stretched on all sides as the animal the crab has its feet , whence it derives -LRB- gets -RRB- its name '' .
The German professor Wilhelm Fabry believed that breast cancer was caused by a milk clot in a mammary duct .
A Second Report on the Mortality of British Doctors '' followed in 1956 -LRB- otherwise known as the British doctors study -RRB- .
Through the centuries it was discovered that cancer could occur anywhere in the body . The humor theory treatment was popular until the 19th century with the discovery of cells .
The Dutch professor Francois de la Boe Sylvius believed that all disease was the outcome of chemical processes . He believed that acidic lymph fluid was the cause of cancer .
This view of the disease was first made clear by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan . He made it known between 1871 and 1874 .
A loss of appetite is also called anorexia -LRB- this is not the same as the eating disorder anorexia nervosa -RRB- .
A chest of drawers -LRB- Also called a dresser -RRB- is a piece of furniture . They are made of lots of horizontal drawers .
In other countries , such as the United Kingdom and Germany , the Doctor of Medicine is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate .
Doctor of Medicine -LRB- MD , from the Latin MedicinÃ Doctor meaning `` Teacher of Medicine '' -RRB- is a doctoral degree for physicians -LRB- medical doctors -RRB- .
The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over and continued to play the character until Doctor Who 's `` hiatus '' in 1989 .
It became known as Charing Cross Hospital in 1827 .
Cough suppressants are used if the cough is not productive -LRB- nothing is being coughed up -RRB- .
At the time of his death Gillespie had two funerals .
For example , a cricket ball can be understood as an object but the ball also consists of many particles -LRB- pieces of matter -RRB- .
Caffeine is in many drinks and foods . This is approximate amounts of caffeine in some food and drink :
Caffeine is in many drinks and foods .
The remains of the storm were later taken in by a warm front around 2 am EDT -LRB- 0600 UTC -RRB- .
Then on 8 pm EDT -LRB- 0000 UTC on May 28 -RRB- , the NHC stopped monitoring the storm , as the low was not expected to strengthen anymore .
At 5:00 pm EDT -LRB- 2100 UTC -RRB- , the NHC gave out its last advisory on Tropical Depression One .
When the storm became Tropical Depression One on May 28 , it was the third time since 1851 that an Atlantic tropical cyclone formed before June 1 , the official start of an Atlantic hurricane season . The depression followed Subtropical Storm Andrea of May 2007 and Tropical Storm Arthur of May 2008 .
It was released in October 2009 to download . Only 1,000 copies were released on vinyl .
Other forms of arthritis include Rheumatoid arthritis -LRB- which causes the bodyâ s immune system to attack the bones -RRB- , psoriatic arthritis , and septic arthritis -LRB- when an area is invaded by bacteria -RRB- .
There are other kinds of diabetes , like diabetes insipidus .
Cold fronts can also move up to twice as fast as warm fronts .
Both organizations also provide ` reserve ' or ` support ' cover to some , though not all , of the ambulance trusts -LRB- dependent on the local MOU -RRB- , where ambulance crews from one of the organizations -LRB- who are usually volunteers , but in some instances may be paid staff -RRB- will attend 999 , GP Urgent or PTS calls on behalf of the ambulance trust . In these cases the organization is paid by the trust .
Both organizations have also provided cover for the public when NHS ambulance trust staff have held strikes or walk outs .
Most of the new Trusts follow government office regional boundaries .
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service -LRB- NIAS -RRB- is the ambulance service that serves the whole of Northern Ireland , and was set up in 1995 .
All ambulance companies and the NHS Ambulance trusts must follow the same laws , so a private ambulance must have the same equipment and the people working in it be as qualified as the same type of NHS ambulance .
In some place private firms do this job instead , but it can be a big source of money for the trusts .
The Service employs approximately 1044 staff based across 32 stations & sub-stations , 4 Control Centres and a Regional Training Centre .
Private ambulance services are becoming more common in the UK . They often providing medical cover at large events , either with , or instead of the voluntary sector providers .
Internists may also specialize in allergy and immunology .
In the United States , there are two organizations responsible for certification of subspecialists within the field , the American Board of Internal Medicine , and the American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine .
It is widely agreed that acupuncture treatment is safe when done by well-trained doctors using clean needles .
The pollen of some plants is very light .
Before it was built , the tallest building in the world was the Singer Building . The Woolworth Building became the tallest four years later .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , most commonly referred to as the stimulus bill or stimulus package , was a spending bill passed by the U.S. Congress in 2009 .
It was released in Europe and Asia on October 6 2006 , and November 2 2006 in Japan .
Drivers are not included with the Vision Camera -- you must allow Windows to download them automatically when prompted .
Mac OS X 10.4.9 added support for the USB `` video class '' group of peripherals , including Vision Camera .
The exact definition of an emergency , the agencies involved and the rules followed , depend on the jurisdiction , and this is usually set by the government , whose agencies -LRB- emergency services -RRB- are responsible for emergency planning and handling .
Large crowds appear on the street to try to see the nose .
Ovarian cancer is a condition which involves different regions of the ovary . Recent evidence suggests the Fallopian tube may be related with ovarian cancer .
`` Like a Surgeon '' is a song by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic . It is a parody of `` Like a Virgin '' by Madonna .
It is a parody of `` Like a Virgin '' by Madonna .
FDP uses 10-20 animals to find the dose that produces toxicity signs but not death , and from there predicts the lethal dose .
Between half and three-quarters of all women who have chlamydia have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected .
Killing Is My Business ... and Business Is Good !
is the first studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth . It was released in June 1985 .
Bedtime Stories is a 2008 film directed by Adam Shankman starring Adam Sandler .
Cold Bay is a city in Alaska .
The depression then moved onshore and quickly died out by the next morning .
Some viruses can `` hide '' inside another cell , either to defend itself against the host cell defenses or immune system , or because it is not in the best interest of the virus to make more copies at the time .
This is the final stage in the viral life cycle .
It is between Gemini to the west and Leo to the east , Lynx to the north and Canis Minor and Hydra to the south .
The name is Latin for crab .
Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland .
Set in 1957 , this fourth movie in the Indiana Jones movie series and is based around an older and wiser Indiana Jones -LRB- played by Harrison Ford -RRB- against agents of the Soviet Union -- led by Spalko -LRB- Cate Blanchett -RRB- -- for the crystal skull .
The depression moved onto land at St. Catherines Island , Georgia , and it quickly weakened .
However , flood watches were issued for part of Georgia and South Carolina .
Early on July 26 , it moved onto land on St. Catherines Island , Georgia , and after slowly weakening over land , it died out on July 27 .
Because the storm was weak , the effects were limited to heavy rain in Florida , Georgia , South Carolina and North Carolina .
Tropical Depression Seven was a weak tropical depression that formed near the northeast Florida coast . It was the seventh tropical cyclone of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season .
Testicular cancer is a type of cancer that develops in one or both testicles , a part of the male reproductive system .
A headache can also be used as a figure of speech , to describe something that is very difficult to do .
Non-chemical remedies include cooling , warming , soft stimulation .
Often , however , scratching can intensify itching and even cause further damage to the skin , dubbed the `` itch-scratch-itch cycle '' .
Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics , others not .
The depression formed on August 13 from a tropical wave that entered the Atlantic Ocean on August 8 .
At the time , it was located about 1600 m to the east of Barbados .
Physical fitness has two components : general fitness -LRB- a state of health and well-being -RRB- and specific fitness -LRB- the ability to perform specific aspects of sports or occupations -RRB- .
The Tooth fairy is a fictional character found in modern folklore .
One of the most famous traditions is leaving a tooth under a pillow for the Tooth Fairy .
It was released on November 7 , 2006 .
The nasal bones are two small oblong bones located in the human skull . Their size and form differs among individuals .
Here are some important physical constants .
An emergency exit in a building is an exit for emergencies , such as a fire .
The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band .
Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem , released June 18 , 2010 by Aftermath Entertainment and Shady Records .
